"Donald Trump campaigned on becoming a president unlike any Washington has ever seen. With his inauguration speech, he's already set the tone."
"The Welsh Government ""would probably"" take the UK government to court if it struck an international trade deal that tried to ""trample on"" the Welsh NHS, a minister said."
A university has mistakenly emailed hundreds of students intimate and sensitive personal information about dozens of fellow undergraduates.
"Some progress has been made in encouraging girls to study physics at A-level, according to a report by the Institute of Physics (IoP)."
"The president of business organisation, the CBI, has said if politicians cannot ""get their act together"" on Brexit, then the only other option is to ""go back to the people""."
"Ireland's health minister has condemned ""reckless scenes"" at a venue in Dublin which appeared to breach social distancing regulations."
"One tweeted picture saw Labour MP Emily Thornberry go from the shadow cabinet to the butt of a twitterstorm, jokes and resignation. Here's how events unfolded, driven by social media."
The body of a man has been found after a caravan fire in Aberdeenshire.
Two more people have been arrested in connection with a fatal shooting.
Actor Brian Blessed has announced he will stand for the chancellorship of Cambridge University.
The BBC is to feature more arts stories in programmes like The One Show in a bid to make the subject less elitist.
"Poorer students in England are up to three A-level grades behind more affluent students, research suggests."
"Hang out the bunting - well, at least buy a couple of party poppers."
All MPs are to be automatically offered additional security in their constituency offices and homes.
"With no money left in the government coffers, the ""only strategy"" for growth is to get behind Britain's entrepreneurs, David Cameron has said."
Warcraft's online gaming world is about to get a bit bigger.
The European Central Bank (ECB) has insisted there is still a long way to go before it can call a halt to its economic stimulus programme.
South Africa's economic growth slowed sharply in the first three months of the year.
"The UK's biggest bioethanol producer has stopped production at its East Yorkshire plant, blaming government ""inaction""."
US President Donald Trump's re-election campaign is running hundreds of Facebook advertisements pushing an unfounded conspiracy theory that Joe Biden cheated during the first US presidential debate.
The chief executive of the Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is to retire early.
It was the week when the mobile phone industry's biggest annual trade show was called off over fears about the spread of the coronavirus.
"Wales has the highest take-up of broadband of any of the devolved nations, according to a report from the watchdog Ofcom."
"Allegations that a police officer falsely claimed to have witnessed former Chief Whip Andrew Mitchell calling police ""plebs"" are ""exceptionally serious"", No 10 says."
"For many Brazilians, Michel Temer's ascension to president was surprising. But as the first Brazilian president to have charges brought against him while in office, his arrest is less unexpected."
Three siblings have had their stomachs removed after testing positive for a cancer gene following the deaths of their mother and sister.
"The death of a British backpacker in Malaysia remains a mystery six years on, an inquest has heard."
"The recent high-profile spat with the US over the Hollywood film ""The Interview"" painted North Korea's enigmatic young leader Kim Jong-un as impetuous."
Saudi Arabia is to allow its women athletes to compete in the Olympics for the first time.
A body has been found in the search for a woman who went missing in floods after her car got stuck in water.
"High Covid-19 infection rates mean it is ""too risky"" to allow household support bubbles to be formed on the Isle of Man, the chief minister has told Tynwald."
Prosecutors have said the alleged creator and operator of the Silk Road underground market operated like a traditional drug lord.
Adele has announced a UK tour starting in Leeds next April.
Refuge centres have been set up in Oxfordshire as flood warnings on more rivers are put in place.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a security guard who was stabbed to death at a private party in London's West End on New Year's Day.
Rock star Eric Clapton is to sell off part of his extensive guitar collection to raise money for his rehab clinic.
You have to feel the Office for Budget Responsibility's (OBR) pain.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari is seeking fresh treatment in London for an undisclosed illness.
The Italian government has approved austerity measures worth 24 billion euros (£20bn; $29bn) for the years 2011-2012.
"A project to support families in Hartlepool affected by separation has been boosted by a £460,778 grant from the Big Lottery Fund (BLF)."
People in Wiltshire are being asked what they would like to see in the county's museum when it moves to its new home in a former courthouse.
Footage has emerged appearing to show tension between Spain's Queen Letizia and her mother-in-law Queen Sofia.
"A public prosecutor and his driver have been killed in the restive south-eastern Iranian province of Sistan Baluchistan, state media say."
The Scottish government plans to create a new benefit to help people struggling to pay for funeral costs.
Scottish Finance Secretary Derek Mackay has struck a deal to pass his plans for tax and spending for the year ahead at Holyrood. What are the big ideas and spending commitments?
"The chairman of the BBC Trust, Lord Patten, has told MPs he had no choice but to agree to a £450,000 pay-off to director general George Entwistle."
"A man who left unwanted furniture including a wardrobe, TVs and bed outside a shut charity shop has landed himself a £1,000 court bill for fly-tipping."
A diary detailing a soldier's experience in the Battle of the Somme has been discovered in a barn.
What makes an entrepreneur? The BBC's Roman Lebed and Tom Santorelli speak to Ruslan Gritsaylo about how he set up a business taking people on paratrike tours in the skies above Kiev.
"The government has said there must be an ""unprecedented solution"" for the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic after Brexit."
"A decision to keep documents relating to a man who was at the centre of the Profumo sex scandal hidden should be overturned, a leading lawyer has said."
Scarlett Johansson has topped Forbes' list of best-paid actresses for a second year - but is only the eighth highest paid actor overall.
"Arctic Monkeys, arguably Britain's biggest rock band, are among the 12 nominees for the 2018 Mercury Prize."
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have spoken of their happiness about having a daughter by a surrogate.
"Oil producing countries are trying to ""erase the science"" on keeping the world's temperatures below 1.5C, say some delegates at UN talks in Bonn."
Facebook is launching a new app that aims to expand the US firm's presence within companies and other places of work.
"Trade unions, student and indigenous groups are marching in Colombia's major cities to increase the pressure on the government of President Iván Duque."
Tech giant Huawei Technologies's consumer division's revenue rose 70% to more than $20bn (£13bn) in 2015 from a year ago on strong smartphone sales.
A train in southern Russia was delayed for the better part of an hour after getting stuck behind a slow-moving camel.
"People in the neighbourhood of Moyopampa, 35km (22 miles) east of Lima, say 23 March was a sunny Monday afternoon like so many others."
A Scottish duke has been handed a rare honour by being made a Knight of the Thistle by the Queen.
"The organisers of a festival are ""enraged"" by the actions of a protester who is disrupting a daily outdoor music event with a megaphone and a siren."
A police force is being investigated for possible breaches to data protection laws after naming drink drive suspects on Twitter.
The life of an African-American former slave who toured Britain to campaign for abolition is being celebrated across Bristol.
The boss of John Lewis has hit out at Brexit secretary Dominic Raab after he said companies should not blame Brexit for poor results.
"Changes to the way terror suspects are monitored were not to blame for the disappearance of a suspect on Boxing Day, the home secretary has told MPs."
The European Commission' s proposed 17% cut in the 2010 prawn quota for NI fishing fleets has been reduced to 3%.
"With Emmanuel Macron's French election win, the prospect of France leaving the European Union - as proposed by his run-off opponent Marine Le Pen - has been all but eliminated."
Photos of unusual cloud formations complete with a reflection of a rainbow have been captured across the north east of Scotland.
Passengers on Moscow's underground system can now access a toilet for the first time - but only at one station.
"Climate change protests will become much more commonplace, according to the head of one of Europe's biggest ethical investment funds."
"The New York Governor has said he is ""so sorry"" for making women uncomfortable but denied touching anyone inappropriately."
"Criticism of Theresa May's handling of Brexit is mounting in the European press, with new impetus from a leaked memorandum suggesting the UK government lacks the manpower to cope with the process."
"Forty-five of 300 planned job losses at the passport office in Newport are to be saved, says the Welsh secretary."
It often comes as a surprise to foreigners visiting Chile to discover that Gen Augusto Pinochet still has supporters here.
Less than one in four homes in Denbighshire have signed up for Superfast Cymru high speed broadband.
Singer Rod Stewart has been knighted in a Queen's Birthday Honours list that also recognises the achievements of British astronaut Tim Peake.
The Russian authorities are investigating reports that an electrician working at a Sochi Winter Olympics site was tortured by police.
"MPs have voted to allow fracking for shale gas 1,200m below national parks and other protected sites."
We are flying low in helicopter formation over the Brazilian Amazon with agents from Ibama - the state-funded institute responsible for environmental protection.
"Fans of the Twilight vampire series will get the chance to meet the stars of the second film, New Moon, ahead of its cinema release on 20 November."
Russian media explain the unexpected pardoning of Mikhail Khodorkovsky as a Kremlin attempt to brush up its image ahead of the 2014 Sochi Olympics.
"George Floyd's death, and the trial of Derek Chauvin, have shone a light on racial issues in small towns. Yet coming to terms with racism is tough, even for the well-meaning."
"It is time to ""get on"" with publishing the findings of the Iraq Inquiry, which began its work almost five years ago, Nick Clegg has said."
Self-made businessman CY Leung has been chosen as Hong Kong's new leader after an unusually turbulent campaign.
"There are set to be an increasing number of school mergers and closures across Northern Ireland, according to Education Authority (EA) plans."
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has revealed she will stand in Labour-held Rhondda at the next assembly election.
An American TV game show for obese people is being criticised for the way it encourages contestants to lose weight.
People forced to self-isolate have expressed frustration at not being included in a programme to help prioritise food deliveries for those unable to leave the house.
Ennio Morricone has denied criticising Quentin Tarantino over his use of music.
"Plans to cut the maximum stake on fixed-odds betting terminals from £100 to £2 could be brought forward to April, a Welsh Labour MP has said."
"The new National Crime Agency - dubbed ""the British FBI"" - is launching a campaign to recruit up to 400 trainee cyber and intelligence officers."
The Conservatives have won the election for the post of police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Leicestershire.
A stolen golf buggy was seized after being spotted at a McDonald's drive-thru.
"Two-thirds of councils in England have a shortage of black, Asian or minority ethnic (BAME) foster carers, according to BBC analysis of official figures."
The new owners of UK cosmetics chain The Body Shop have said they plan to keep the legacy of founder Dame Anita Roddick alive as they look to revive the company.
A Tibetan monk has set fire to himself - the fifth one this year - in an apparent indication of the escalating tension between Tibetans and the Chinese government.
"The head of the UK aerospace industry's trade body has warned that a no-deal Brexit would be a ""worst case scenario"" that could ground aircraft made with UK-made parts."
"The Brexit vote is already having a negative impact on business, a survey of bosses from some of the UK's biggest companies has suggested."
"More cases of coronavirus are ""highly likely"" to be seen in the UK and come from overseas, says a senior health official."
Business Secretary Vince Cable has denied hearing details of the Chris Huhne speeding points scandal before they were published in the media.
"Appalled by the carnage of last Saturday's double bombing of a Yemeni funeral, Britain is sending its Minister for the Middle East on a sensitive mission to Riyadh."
"Breast cancer screening saves the lives of two women for every one patient who receives unnecessary treatment, according to a major European review."
"Campaigners have hailed a landmark ruling giving Uber drivers the right to the minimum wage, paid holiday and sick leave."
Three more men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a fight in West Yorkshire.
Junior doctor training has been stopped at a major hospital in Bedfordshire and an MP has called for an inquiry.
More than 100 people have answered an online plea for more information about knife-makers from the steel city of Sheffield.
Plans to build more than 650 new homes in south Wales have been unveiled.
Kim Kardashian West has shared the first family photo showing her with husband Kanye West and all their three children.
"High rents mean independent retailers are not able to open on St Helier's main shopping streets, says Jersey's Town Centre Manager."
Wrexham FC's co-owner Geoff Moss has said the football club has run out of money.
"With the easing of Covid restrictions allowing non-essential shops and hospitality to operate in more parts of Scotland, we examine the data which logs what people say they were doing prior to their positive test."
"Disturbed by reports of rising domestic violence under coronavirus lockdown, a Polish high school student decided to launch a fake online shop to offer a lifeline to victims trapped in their homes."
"They officially ended their feud last week, but now Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have taken their friendship to the next level."
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has dismissed calls for her to pull out of the contest and back another candidate to defeat Jeremy Corbyn.
"Police presence in Portsmouth will not be reduced by the planned closure of the city centre police station, Hampshire's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has insisted."
"The justice secretary has ordered a review to consider the ""incentivisation of prisoners to participate in, attend and achieve at education""."
STV has launched a new commercial TV channel featuring its new flagship news programme.
"She says she's a ""black Bill Gates in the making"" who ""ain't never seen a ceiling in my whole damn life""."
The MS Society is considering carrying out research in Scotland on a possible link between vitamin D deficiency and Multiple Sclerosis.
A council accidentally sent the contact details of hundreds of people - including a rape victim - in an email about a strip club licence renewal.
"Nine members of a drug-dealing gang who used a phone number dubbed the ""Scouse Porky Line"" to sell cocaine and heroin on a commercial scale have been jailed."
Dogs seized in hare coursing operations could be fostered by staff at Lincolnshire Police.
"Sci-fi film Gravity, starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock, is to open the Venice Film Festival in August."
"A Somerset hospital has declared its third ""black alert"" of the winter as doctors say they are dealing with the ""busiest fortnight in our history""."
"Dale Cregan will spend the rest of his life in jail for four murders, including those of two police officers in Greater Manchester."
"Empty streets, home-made haircuts and a giant NHS thank you cut into a field."
"Relaxing Sunday trading laws will have a ""serious impact on society"" according to Guernsey's deputy commerce minister."
"The BBC cannot push issues of race ""under the rug"" any longer, says DJ Sideman - who quit the corporation in protest at the use of a racial slur in a news report this summer."
"An independent group set up to oversee Google's artificial intelligence efforts, has been shut down less than a fortnight after it was launched."
Hollywood actress Mila Kunis has gone on a date with a US marine who asked her out in a YouTube video.
"President Donald Trump has said he wouldn't want a ""poor person"" holding a top economic post in the White House."
Details of a touchscreen showing 3D images that can be felt and manipulated have been published by Microsoft's research unit.
"Sunlight floods the first floor of V&A Dundee as its new director looks out, past the RRS Discovery, across the Tay, to the rail bridge and beyond."
The weather has been pretty inclement in the south-eastern corner of Brazil over the last couple of weeks.
"Air pollution is continuing to damage European citizens' health and the environment, latest figures show ."
"""Zulus - thousands of 'em."" That is perhaps the line that most people remember from the 1964 film, Zulu."
"It is ""impossible"" to give a date for the end of lockdown restrictions, one of Wales' top doctors says."
The Scottish government's plans to help cut youth unemployment stem from a commission on developing Scotland's young workforce which was chaired by businessman Sir Ian Wood.
"A five-week dig to find clues into the 1981 disappearance of a toddler has found no ""further information""."
A judge wants the points of kitchen knives to be rounded and blunted to reduce the number of young men dying from stab wounds in street attacks.
Guernsey's Environmental Health Unit is asking the States to introduce strict regulation on air quality.
"A scientist has shed new light on the origins of Charles Darwin's ""abominable mystery""."
Land Rover fans have welcomed the return of the original Defender body shape to Midlands manufacturing.
A punk band made up of musicians with learning disabilities is to represent Finland at the Eurovision Song Contest.
Newcastle's Theatre Royal will be without its Christmas pantomime for the first time in 120 years after the show was postponed due to Covid-19.
A six-year-old boy has found a fossil dating back millions of years in his garden after receiving a fossil-hunting kit for Christmas.
Harvard University has pushed back against US President Donald Trump after he demanded it pay back nearly $9m (£7.3m) in coronavirus relief aid.
"Wild relatives of modern crops deemed crucial for food security are being pushed to the brink of extinction, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature."
"Twenty young people have been given a new award set up in memory of Diana, Princess of Wales."
"Children should be taught about domestic abuse from a young age to cut the numbers of victims every year, a charity has said."
"A-level and GCSE students on the Isle of Man will once again have their grades estimated by teachers this year, the education minister has said."
"More than 1,350 Australian women have won a long-running class action lawsuit against Johnson & Johnson (J&J) over vaginal mesh implants."
Cash can no longer be used on any of London's buses in a move that Transport for London (TfL) says will save £24m a year.
"The UK's Brexit minister has said it is difficult to see how the NI Protocol can be ""genuinely durable"" without the consent of ""all of the people"" of NI."
Republicans have launched a bid to remove the Department of Justice official overseeing the Russia inquiry dogging Donald Trump's presidency.
"UN Watch has expressed concern after Sri Lanka's representative in Geneva called the office of High Commissioner Louise Arbour ""unqualified"" to report on the island's bloody conflict."
"Danny Dyer is taking a short break from EastEnders, the BBC has confirmed."
"US office supplier Staples said it will close 225 stores in North America, more than 10% of its presence, as shoppers move online and its sales slump."
"Delegates to the UN climate conference in Poland have reached agreement on how to implement the 2015 Paris Climate Accord, which comes into force in 2020. What are the key points to come out of the meeting?"
"After months of worsening tensions on their contested Himalayan border, India and China surprised many by announcing that troops are to quickly disengage."
"Pressures in the NHS are so great that even the best hospitals in England are seeing patients wait longer for key services, an analysis shows."
"Work on a £300m winter sports complex in Suffolk could begin this summer, despite the local council expressing fears about the project's finances."
A clue to why memory deteriorates with age has been found by US researchers.
"A ""tourist tax"" on guest accommodation in Liverpool could help to pay for future cultural events in the city, the council says."
Dozens of pipers from around the world have made their way through Glasgow as the city prepares to host the 2013 World Pipe Band Championships.
Hustings will be held in each of Jersey's 12 parishes for the public to question the 82 candidates.
"Thousands of potatoes have washed up along the north west coast of the Isle of Man, according to a local beach cleaning organisation."
"Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern has said he expects an early election ""in the autumn"" after his coalition partners abruptly ended their alliance."
Cuba has officially agreed to talks with the European Union on restoring bilateral relations with the bloc.
A man has been detained after armed police surrounded flats in a stand-off that last five hours.
"China's leading online marketplace Alibaba, is being sued by the owner of Gucci, Yves Saint Laurent, Puma and other fashion brands."
New rail services linking Bradford to key destinations such as Manchester Airport and Liverpool will not be introduced in December as planned.
Only one out of the 12 inner London councils have said they would support a proposal to ban people from buying second homes.
"About 1,000 children have taken part in a ""big camp-out"" inspired by an 11-year-old boy who has slept in a tent for a year."
Music fans have vented their frustration as they struggled to buy resale tickets for Glastonbury Festival online.
A council decision to name a children's park after a convicted IRA man is to be formally investigated by the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland.
"Mobile operator Three says it will offer 5G on all its new and existing tariffs at no extra cost, when it launches its next-generation service."
A man has died and four others have been seriously injured in a crash in Lincolnshire.
Restaurants and takeaways in Wales could be required by law to publicly display food hygiene ratings on their premises.
A 14-year-old boy has died after getting into difficulties in water at a disused quarry in Carmarthenshire.
Wives and other relatives of police in the Brazilian state of Espirito Santo have defied a deal aimed at ending a week-long strike.
Two teenagers convicted of fatally stabbing a man in the chest during a brawl have been handed a life sentence with a minimum term of 19 years.
Hundreds of thousands of public sector workers are taking part in a 24-hour UK-wide strike in a dispute with the government over pension changes.
Plans to create the UK's largest permanent athletics stadium are at the heart of Birmingham's bid to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
"The typewriter is almost obsolete in the modern office. But it played a crucial role in women's arrival in the workplace, explains Lucy Kellaway."
The Church of England has said it will not intervene in the case of the first gay British clergyman to marry.
"A conservation charity has described the licenced killing of 87 beavers in Scotland last year as ""deeply concerning""."
"George Osborne is cutting the tax rate for earnings over £150,000, saying in his Budget it raised ""next to nothing""."
Police were called to the London home of Boris Johnson and his partner in the early hours of Friday after neighbours reportedly heard a loud argument.
"The City regulator appears to have made an ""extraordinary blunder"" by allowing details of an insurance industry investigation to be made public early, a senior MP has said."
A healthcare professional has been arrested on suspicion of murdering eight babies and attempting to kill six others at a hospital.
"Israel's new coalition government, led by Benjamin Netanyahu, has been sworn in after nearly two months of negotiations between political parties."
"So, there have been a few important developments since I published my story looking at the encryption debate surrounding how terror groups can communicate."
"Companies need to step up preparations so they are not ""caught out"" by new post-Brexit trade rules, the government has said."
"House prices rose by 1.4% over the course of 2019, according to the Nationwide, marking a relatively static year for property values."
Police searching for Libby Squire have confirmed a body recovered from the Humber estuary is that of the missing student.
Apple shareholders are set to vote on whether Apple should change its human-rights policies.
A 400-year-old crucifix linked to the Gunpowder Plot has gone on display in a York convent.
"Dozens of Kuwaiti protesters stormed parliament late on Wednesday, as hundreds more demonstrated outside."
"A fire service has fallen victim to a fraudster who spent more than £2,300 on one of its purchase cards."
A shopkeeper who admitted a string of sexual offences involving girls as young as 13 has been jailed for 12 years.
An inquiry has begun into whether a chandelier in the first minister's official residence was looted by Nazis during World War Two.
"It was a morning filled with warm memories of a woman described by her editor as the ""greatest war correspondent of her generation""."
"A North Yorkshire church, which was the setting for the wedding of a Taiwanese pop star, says visitor numbers may have doubled since."
Brandon McKenna is a football mad 22-year-old Wigan Athletic fan. He's also gay.
Soldiers have been drafted in to help clean up parts of the Yorkshire Dales after flash flooding wiped out roads and caused devastation.
"Julian Barnes has won the Man Booker Prize for his novel The Sense of an Ending, having been shortlisted on three previous occasions."
University students could face disciplinary action if they break government coronavirus guidelines.
"Up to 400 million logins on the ""sex and swingers"" hook-up site Adult Friend Finder have been leaked, according to an unverified report."
The rebel-held Syrian region of the Eastern Ghouta has received its first aid delivery in almost three months.
Two endangered red panda cubs have been born at a wildlife park on the Isle of Man.
"Storm Atiyah has made landfall, with winds hitting speeds of up to 80mph (130km/h)."
"The English National Opera (ENO) has resolved its dispute with its chorus, performers' union Equity has said."
The Dawn spacecraft is starting to get an eye-full of the Vesta asteroid.
Actor and comedian Stephen Fry will appear in a youth production for Welsh National Opera (WNO) this summer.
"""Serious incidents"" in a maternity unit were not investigated properly and opportunities missed to prevent more from occurring, a report has found."
Standard Chartered shares have rallied after it agreed to pay $340m (£217m) to New York regulators to settle claims that it hid transactions with Iran.
"A inmate has died after an ""altercation"" involving four men at a prison."
Police in Myanmar's Rakhine state have fired warning shots in an attempt to disperse crowds gathered outside offices of international aid workers.
More than 50 Plaid Cymru councillors have pledged their allegiance to Leanne Wood as she faces a potential leadership challenge.
"Drug users could be given heroin in a bid to save lives and reduce crime, the North Wales police and crime commissioner has said."
"Unpaid carers in Wales are ""worn out"" and need support services lost during the coronavirus pandemic to return, a charity has said."
The mother of a 16-year-old who took her own life by overdosing on anti-anxiety pills has told MSPs there is a fault in Scotland's healthcare system.
Visitors to Watford Gap services on the M1 are being warned not to urinate against walls and defecate in bushes.
"The housing association in charge of a ""poorly-built"" housing estate in east London has offered to buy back dozens of the properties."
"The finale of hugely popular comedy series Fleabag has been met with enthusiastic praise by fans and critics, after airing on Monday night."
The SDLP's education spokesperson has called for schools to close for Christmas on 11 December.
President Donald Trump has been criticised at home and abroad after announcing he is ending US ties with the World Health Organization (WHO).
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has emphasised there will have to be some form of customs controls between NI and the Republic after Brexit.
"England could see ""a new wave of homelessness"" when a ban on evictions ends later this month, MPs have warned."
"A third of UK police forces use hoods to prevent arrested people spitting or biting, the BBC has learned."
"Police in Hertfordshire have issued a warning after a woman dialled 999 to say ""Merry Christmas""."
A kayaker had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew after he was pitched into the sea by a hungry seal.
The first free school has been given the green light to open in September.
Conservative MP Tim Yeo has formally stood aside as chairman of a committee while claims he used the role to help a private company influence Parliament are being investigated.
"A non-emergency telephone number for NHS services is to launch across England, the Department of Health says."
A man in eastern China has been acquitted of murder and freed after spending 27 years in prison.
"The death of woman found inside a house along with that of a man is being treated as murder, police have said."
A former triathlete has been awarded £1.5m after an NHS misdiagnosis left him permanently disabled.
More than 50 Egyptian security personnel have died during a clash with suspected Islamist militants.
Former patients of disgraced breast surgeon Ian Paterson are being asked to get in touch with an inquiry into his malpractice.
More than 220 staff at Wiltshire Council have been accepted for voluntary redundancy.
"Childcare decisions in family courts should be made within six months, an official review has said."
JJ Abrams futuristic series Westworld has landed a second series on US cable channel HBO.
Cardiff University has launched a racial equality review amid reports face paint was used to impersonate a staff member in a student-led play.
People living on proposed routes of a new bypass were not given notice their houses could be demolished.
"Russian police have detained more than 3,000 people in a crackdown on protests in support of jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny, monitors say."
Thousands are expected to attend a religious pageant marking the 175th anniversary of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Britain.
The reopening of a bridge across the River Thames to road traffic has been put back to September because of conditions on the river.
Former Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn has been re-arrested in Tokyo while out on bail pending trial over claims of financial misconduct.
Wood Group has won a new $500m (£342.5m) contract to provide services for BP-operated offshore projects in Azerbaijan.
A convicted death-row inmate has been executed in Texas after the US Supreme Court rejected arguments that he was mentally impaired.
David Jenkins was an Anglican bishop who questioned some of the fundamental beliefs of Christianity.
What has Dow Chemical got to gain from sponsoring the Olympics?
Writers and actors opposed to new rules stopping people sending books to inmates have held a protest outside Pentonville Prison in north London.
Electric scooters and other new modes of transport could be allowed on Britain's roads under a wide-ranging review .
An Australian newspaper says sexist remarks have forced it to remove the comments section from its coverage of women's Australian rules football.
"A strike planned by Heathrow Airport workers on Monday has been called off, as talks continue to stop a further walkout on Tuesday."
"As the world's population was plunged into lockdown, our social media feeds became filled with stories of shortages at local supermarkets."
A five-yearly puffin census is being changed to an annual count amid fears climate change is affecting bird numbers.
"An air and sea search for a missing climber who fell from cliffs in Aberdeenshire has officially ended, police have said."
"Oregon has become the first US state to decriminalise the possession of hard drugs, including cocaine and heroin."
"French President Emmanuel Macron said he ""respected"" Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord but that France would remain committed."
Former Premier League manager Harry Redknapp has said the Football Association could have done more to monitor an ex-Southampton coach accused of historical sexual abuse.
Thousands of teachers from across Scotland have held a march and rally in Glasgow in support of a pay demand.
"A new £10m rehabilitation centre in Middlesbrough will bring 100 jobs to Teesside, the firm behind it has said."
"US servicemen from all parts of the military have been sharing nude photos of their female colleagues online, it has emerged."
Model Caprice Bourret is the 12th and final celebrity confirmed to be taking part in Dancing On Ice.
A Swedish design and engineering company has proposed installing two floating wind turbines off the north Caithness coast.
"A new genetics project could help ""unlock a series of secrets about devastating diseases"", the NHS says."
Plaid Cymru's leader has said her party can learn from the SNP how to overtake Labour and get into government.
A deal has finally been reached on teachers' pay after months of negotiations.
A new advisory panel has been set up to help Stormont deal with banking issues.
Netflix has announced plans to expand to a further six European countries before the end of the year.
"A Derbyshire NHS trust must take urgent action to fix its finances and waiting lists, a health watchdog says."
"Waste coffee grounds will be used to help power some of London's buses from Monday, it has been revealed."
A US bar owner opposed to coronavirus restrictions has been charged after allegedly hitting a policeman with his car while fleeing arrest.
"Chinese leaders like to talk about their country's ""peaceful rise"" - and Europe's financial traumas are giving Beijing plenty of scope to assume the role of a benign new force on the world stage."
"British American Tobacco has announced plans to cut 2,300 jobs as it shifts away from traditional cigarettes."
The Conservatives have made a clean sweep of victories in a string of Stockton Council by-elections.
"A girl who was sexually exploited by a gang that used her as a ""piece of meat"" found police took ""no effective action"" to stop it, a court heard."
"The Education Authority (EA) has been accused of ""excluding"" Irish speaking pupils from online learning materials."
"Marvel have a new film ""in the works"" in the shape of Muslim superhero Ms Marvel."
Conservative party members in Monmouth have told their local Senedd member they do not want him to be their candidate for the May elections.
President Barack Obama has called for sweeping reforms to the US criminal justice system including curbing the use of solitary confinement and voting rights for felons.
"Swansea University is unveiling what it claims is ""tomorrow's classroom today""."
"Manx Gas must agree a new regulatory deal with the government by 24 April or face having regulation ""imposed"" on it, the policy and reform minister said."
"Probation officers are supervising up to 80 offenders at any one time - leaving the public at greater risk, a watchdog has warned."
The Indonesian maid at the centre of a high-profile abuse case has testified at the start of her former Hong Kong employer's trial.
"Holiday firm Thomas Cook ""breached its duty of care"" in the case of two children who died from carbon monoxide poisoning while on holiday in Corfu, an inquest jury has concluded."
MPs are to investigate the effectiveness of the 1991 Dangerous Dogs Act amid figures suggesting there has been an increase in attacks.
Four Sikhs have been convicted in London of attacking a retired general who led the Indian army's assault in 1984 on the Golden Temple in Amritsar.
Business owners desperate to stay open have been reduced to tears over the definition of cafes by the Scottish government.
A major section of the former Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre (AECC) has been sold to a church.
"Cardiff Airport has seen a sharp drop in passenger numbers over the past year, provisional figures from the Civil Aviation Authority show."
Householders with blocked drains are being warned to think twice before employing claims management companies (CMCs) to process a claim.
"Dozens of sculptures based on a character from the animated film The Snowman and the Snowdog have sold for almost £260,000 at auction."
The man in charge of Guernsey's St John Ambulance and Rescue has said its financial reserves have been exhausted due to an insufficient States grant.
French energy giant Total has raised the number of expected job losses at its Aberdeen operations to more than 300.
"A UK ticket holder has claimed Friday's £24m EuroMillions jackpot, National Lottery operator Camelot said."
House of Fraser plans to close stores as new owners look to turn around the department store chain.
"The number of households in Scotland is set to rise dramatically in the next 25 years, according to forecasters."
A protest has been held by young people in Belfast to call for greater government action on climate change.
Stephen Hawking is backing a project to send tiny spacecraft to another star system within a generation.
A campaign promoting David Beckham's new whisky has been cleared by the advertising watchdog after a complaint it would encourage underage drinking.
A South Yorkshire council has written to the government asking for local elections to be postponed.
A man has been mauled to death by a tiger after he entered its enclosure at a zoo in eastern China.
"More than 10,000 ""unscrupulous"" people have falsely claimed they were at the scene of the Manchester attack in order to get free tickets for Sunday's benefit concert, Ticketmaster has said."
"The TUC says labour laws need ""beefing up"" to protect the rights of workers employed by outsourcing firms."
"A 41-day-old baby was ""twisted or pulled"" with such force he suffered injuries similar to a fall down the stairs, a doctor told a court."
"Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider say a signal that suggested they might have seen ""hints"" of the long-sought Higgs boson particle has weakened."
The preferred bidder for the development of the former Aberdeen City Council headquarters site has been named.
People have been warned not to light barbecues in the Peak District after two moorland fires.
An off-duty nurse and paramedic used a makeshift tourniquet to save the life of a British tourist whose foot was bitten off by a shark in Australia.
"The Twilight finale has continued to dominate the North American box office, topping the chart for a third week, early figures suggest."
"Warning: This story contains a graphic image. A World War One memorial to soldiers whose story has been described as an unresolved ""taboo"" is set to be unveiled."
"An alleged far-right terrorist who named his baby son after Hitler has told a jury he does not want to raise a ""miniature Nazi""."
President Francois Hollande has ordered preparations to begin for air strikes on Islamic State militants in Syria.
"A former prime minister of Kosovo has been released in France pending a decision on whether to extradite him to Serbia, where he is wanted for alleged war crimes."
Coronavirus has been described as an invisible killer. What could be more terrifying than that?
Samsung Electronics has named its new leadership team following the resignation of CEO Kwon Oh-hyun.
Transport Minister Derek Mackay says he is confident the new MV Loch Seaforth ferry will be operating on the Ullapool to Stornoway route by the end of May.
Developers behind plans for a £325m motor racing track in Blaenau Gwent have said the project has reached an important milestone.
They ran it like an organised business. Men who made money from abusing young girls while satisfying their own sexual gratification.
"Even as the search continues for any further survivors of the Costa Concordia accident , questions are being asked about the potential environmental impact."
"A total of 232 Devon and Cornwall Police jobs are being created next year, partially funded by a rise in the policing element of council tax."
Social media firm Pinterest has agreed to pay $22.5m (£16.9m) to settle claims of gender discrimination brought by its former chief operating officer.
Vladimir Putin has shrugged off a reported plot to assassinate him as campaigning in Russia's presidential vote enters its final days.
A charity that supports Sikh communities across the UK is being investigated amid concerns about how it is being managed.
Texas wants to reclaim the mantle of space travel hub it won as the home of Nasa by taking advantage of the expanding private-sector spaceflight industry.
A Chinese woman has been found guilty of trespassing at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago club in Florida and of lying to a federal agent.
"Men have to understand feminism to tackle gender inequality, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said."
"Historical sexual abuse cases could be ""rebalanced"" to make it ""a little fairer"" for victims to give evidence, Alison Saunders has said."
Cardi B is set to open this year's MTV Video Music Awards - her first live performance since becoming a mother.
Cladding will be removed from a residential tower block in Oxford after it failed a fire safety test.
"Six out of seven hospitals in Bristol, Bath, and Somerset are struggling to cope with emergency admissions."
An Oxfordshire cricket pavilion has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
A man arrested over the death of a 48-year-old has been released by police who found no crime had been committed.
Hundreds of thousands of people descend on Edinburgh every August for the world's biggest arts festival.
A giant dual-ringed public art installation has been unveiled on Teesside.
"The gap between France and its European neighbours will widen unless the country introduces fresh economic reforms, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned."
Congestion fees may be introduced either side of the Severn crossings after bridge tolls were scrapped.
"A Catholic priest accused of sexually abusing a South African schoolboy in the 1980s should be extradited, campaigners have said."
Perhaps the worst doomsday scenario is this: being stuck on the toilet and finding you're down to the last square.
X Factor bosses have admitted using vocal enhancement processes on the ITV talent show.
"The Sun-powered aircraft Solar Impulse has finished its penultimate flight, landing in Egypt's capital, Cairo."
Three US lawmakers have tested positive for the coronavirus after sheltering for hours with colleagues during last week's deadly assault on the Capitol.
"A database has been launched containing the details of 20,000 railway workers who died in World War I."
"When a British citizen is jailed overseas, as has happened with Iranian-British woman Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, they normally get basic consular help from the local embassy."
"Drugs, money and weapons have been seized in early morning raids in Hampshire."
"A Cardiff theatre was asked to explain by the Arts Council of Wales why there was no plan to tackle an £800,000 overspend, it has emerged."
"The Sri Lankan President, Mahinda Rajapaksa, says he is ready to ""go beyond"" the 13 amendment to the constitution as a political solution to the national question."
Councillors have approved plans for the next phase of the £100m redevelopment of a Dorset town centre.
"A major road and rail tunnel through the Peak District could be the longest tunnel in Europe, a report says."
A third male pedestrian has died after being hit by a car on a stretch of the A27 in West Sussex.
Jersey is the highest rated offshore international finance centre in the Global Financial Centres Index (GFCI).
The body in charge of setting MPs' salaries and pensions has launched a public consultation on whether MPs are giving taxpayers value for money.
"A child sex offender who had been confronted by self-styled ""paedophile hunters"" died in prison while awaiting sentence, an inquest has heard."
"A hunt is under way to find anyone with information or photographs of a World War One nurse who received a mention in dispatches, signed by Churchill."
The Ministry of Justice has launched an investigation after convicted paedophile Rolf Harris entered the grounds of a Berkshire primary school.
"The former deputy chief engineer of China's disbanded railways ministry has been given a suspended death sentence for corruption, state media report."
A section of the UK's most-visited zoo damaged by fire two years ago has reopened.
"A five-month-old baby has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a bedroom of a house in Edinburgh, caused by a faulty electric blanket."
Bollywood star Deepika Padukone has been questioned by India's narcotics board in an investigation linked to the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput.
"An innocent motorist said he was left feeling ""shaken up"" after a police officer threatened to smash his window and give him ""a ticket for something""."
"Nine residents have died following a ""devastating"" outbreak of coronavirus at a care home."
"Pets at Home says it is seeing ""exceptional levels of demand"" amid the coronavirus outbreak."
"When Leanne Wood first walked through the gates of her old school, a career in politics was not part of the plan."
"Avoidable deaths linked to drink and drugs continue to be higher in Wales than in England, according to new data."
Charities are calling for greater oversight of social media live streaming after reports children are being groomed through it.
British photojournalist Hazel Thompson has spent the last decade documenting the lives of girls trafficked into India's thriving sex industry. She spoke to Atish Patel about her experiences.
Ten projects have been launched to help restore wild landscapes across England and Wales.
The Care Inspectorate has applied to a court to close down a care home in East Renfrewshire in order to protect the health and safety of residents.
"Authorities in New Zealand have lifted a state of emergency in Christchurch, almost two weeks after a powerful earthquake devastated the city."
Police have written to the family of a child sexual exploitation (CSE) victim warning its safety could be at serious risk.
Panama's ex-leader Manuel Noriega has been extradited back to his home country from France and taken straight to a prison.
"Delays to the reopening of the Isle of Man's main swimming pool has led to a fall in participation in the sport, the island's national coach has said."
"A fire service has said it will no longer ""waste time"" attending automatic alarms at businesses during opening hours."
"The NHS in Wales has already faced ""exceptional"" challenges this winter, the head of the organisation has said."
A man has admitted murdering a 23-year-old woman in his Falkirk home before raping two others.
An e-commerce company based in Nigeria is to become the first African start-up to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Three Afghan refugees are taking legal action against the Home Office claiming conditions at an immigration centre were unlawful.
Students could patrol York city centre in a Street Angels-style initiative aimed at preventing tragedies such as the death of Megan Roberts.
A stand-up comedian had her doctors in stitches as they performed life-saving brain surgery.
Singer-songwriter James Blake has won the Mercury Prize for the album Overgrown.
"Hundreds of service personnel, cadets and veterans are taking part in Armed Forces Day celebrations across Wales."
"It seems unlikely but Berlin, the very city where the genocide of the Roma (Gypsy) peoples was planned 70 years ago, has become the city where they now find refuge."
Police say they are still searching for those responsible for the unprecedented disruption at Gatwick Airport.
"The Isle of Man will not change its stance on housing Syrian refugees despite a politician's call for island to ""step up on the world stage."""
Pregnant women have been urged to take up the offer of the flu vaccine after figures showed less than half of mothers-to-be in Scotland were immunised last winter.
"The US has imposed sanctions on seven Russian oligarchs and 17 senior government officials, accusing them of ""malign activity around the globe""."
"The email addresses of LinkedIn users can easily be exposed via a web browser add-on tool, it has been revealed."
"A freeze on public sector workers' pay would damage the country's economic recovery, the shadow chancellor will warn in a speech on Monday."
A rural dean and rector has been suspended from his duties after he was arrested on suspicion of voyeurism.
"A wildlife trust has launched a £250,000 appeal to buy a lighthouse and cliff face on one of the UK's most spectacular havens for sea birds."
"China has been trying and failing for years to get its people, especially its young people, to care about its political system. Could it now be close to working out how to do just this?"
A study of some of the most popular app-controlled devices for the home suggests the majority of the products tested were vulnerable to hackers.
"Not paying the TV licence fee could become a civil offence, rather than a criminal one, under plans being considered by ministers."
"An Aberdeen graduate says she is ""heartbroken"" after losing a second job since the coronavirus pandemic began."
"Some optimism is ""creeping back"" into the housing market in Scotland, surveyors have suggested."
"The family of a man who was shot dead at a Telford business park have described him as a ""smiley, charismatic young man""."
"Nottingham is still buzzing from the arrival of a new Banksy artwork on the wall of a beauty salon - but a week on since he claimed it, what is next for the piece?"
"The Wanted will be performing on US talent show American Idol in April, it's been announced."
Developers of an artwork celebrating the 2012 Olympic Games in Wirral cannot guarantee it will be ready for the torch relay passing through the region.
"The new head of the armed forces says he will not allow British soldiers to be ""chased"" by people making ""vexatious claims"" about their conduct during the Troubles in Northern Ireland."
"A massive traffic jam in China has slowed vehicles to a crawl for nine days near Beijing, local media say."
British Airways is to increase its fuel surcharge on long-haul flights for the first time in more than two years.
The veteran Conservative politician Lord Heseltine has had the whip removed after saying he will vote for the Lib Dems in Thursday's European elections.
"A rural higher education college, given two consecutive inadequate ratings by inspectors, still has ""too much poor teaching"", a report said."
"This year's London Film Festival will open with the period drama Suffragette, it has been announced."
Edinburgh Airport has unveiled details of a five-month trial of a new flight path for departing aircraft in a bid to increase capacity.
Struggling parts of Wales which do not currently get top-level EU grants could get more money after Brexit.
The younger brother of a nightclub acid attacker has admitted to possessing a CS gas canister and a stun gun.
Millionaires from the world of international horse racing have descended on Newmarket for the October Yearling Sale.
"A girl accused of beating a woman to death in her home was ""given an alibi by her mobile phone"", a court heard."
"Police have broken up a crowd of about 250 people who had gathered for an ""organised fight"" in County Tyrone."
"Illegal cockling on the Dee estuary is on the rise, according to a report by Environment Agency Wales (EAW) which says legitimate harvesting netted £2.5m worth this season."
"Aid workers say that more than a thousand Muslim residents of the troubled Sri Lankan town of Mutur are fleeing their homes to a nearby island, fearing attacks by Tamil Tiger rebels."
"A man found dead in his front garden shot his wife in the head then turned the gun on himself, an inquest heard."
A play based on eyewitness accounts of this summer's riots in England has been praised for shedding light on the underlying causes of the unrest.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found at a property in Bury.
"New signs have been installed to stop motorists driving through Birmingham bus lanes, after thousands of fines were disputed."
Images of old gas holders that are soon to be taken down in an area of Newcastle are being sought.
The friends of a man who was killed by a French hunter who mistook him for wild boar want other Brits to be warned of the dangers.
Up to 230 jobs could be lost from the Debenhams call centre in Taunton under plans to move the work to Leeds.
A former Conservative county council leader has failed in his bid to make a district council comeback.
The Indian government says it is committed to secure the rights and aspirations of Tamil people in Sri Lanka.
A man who broke bail and taunted police by posting videos on social media as he fled the Isle of Man on a fishing boat has appeared in court.
Hungary's right-wing Fidesz government has been accused of undermining basic democratic norms and harking back to the country's totalitarian past for launching an offensive against non-government organisations.
"After yet another devastating flood, experts say that what Pakistan and India need to do is build more dams and reservoirs."
Further restrictions are being placed on international travel into Scotland after a new Covid-19 variant was identified in Brazil.
Here are five things you need to know about the coronavirus outbreak this Friday morning. We'll have another update for you at 18:00 BST.
Shares of JD Health have surged 34% above the issue price in Hong Kong's biggest share market debut of 2020.
"The body of the founder and owner of India's largest coffee chain, Cafe Coffee Day, has been found near a river on the outskirts of the southern city of Mangalore, police say."
"A runner who died after the Cardiff Half Marathon was treated ""instantly"" after an incident at the finish line, the race organiser has said."
"Disabled people are risking their safety when attending Wales' health assessment centres due to their poor locations, a woman has said."
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of helping a billionaire jeweller to defraud one of India's largest banks of millions.
Hundreds of South Koreans have begun meeting family members in the North in a rare reunion event for families separated by the Korean War.
"On the morning of 6 March, an unassuming tanker lorry trundled down a dusty dirt road in southern Malaysia."
Jarvis Cocker says he's had sleepless nights ahead of Pulp's comeback gigs.
Television and radio presenter Richard Bacon spent days in a medically induced coma after becoming critically ill with suspected pneumonia.
"Parler has withdrawn its antitrust action against Amazon, two months after filing the case against the tech giant."
"More than 100 fines totalling £10,000 have been issued to ""irresponsible"" dog owners in Rhondda Cynon Taff since new rules came in four months ago."
"Glasgow School of Art has appointed a new director from a ""strong field of national and international candidates""."
There's anger in rugby-mad Tonga over a government letter that apparently bans women from playing the sport in public schools.
"The inquests into the deaths of serial killer Stephen Port's victims will be led by a judge, it has been announced."
Headlines in Arab and Turkish newspapers are crowded with strident criticism and expressions of dismay in response to President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
"The chairwomen of two Parliamentary committees have asked the City regulator to explain proposed rule changes seen as favouring the world's largest oil company, Saudi Aramco."
The government has revealed through a job advert how it plans to tackle unfair trade after Brexit.
"A Kent woman has sold her house and moved into a mobile home to pay for more than £30,000 worth of cosmetic surgery after she lost half her weight."
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a mother-of-two.
"Restricting the number of fast-food outlets around offices and homes could help combat the obesity epidemic, UK researchers say."
"The mayor of Caracas has escaped from his long-term house arrest in Venezuela, fleeing across the border to Colombia and then on to Spain."
US safety authorities are demanding that a recall of airbags which can explode with dangerous force be expanded to the whole country.
"In late March, Salvatore Forte's father woke up shivering uncontrollably."
"Discount and premium supermarket chains have continued to increase their market share at the expense of the main UK supermarket chains, research firm Kantar Worldpanel has said."
"The population of Northern Ireland is projected to rise by 5.3% to 1,938,700 by 2024."
US Defence Secretary Robert Gates has said the US wants a larger military presence in Asia.
A man who claimed his partner suffered catastrophic head injuries in a fall has been found guilty of her murder.
"The son of bank worker Alistair Wilson, who was shot dead on the doorstep of his home in 2004, has appealed for help in catching his father's killer."
"A lorry driver opened a text message seconds before he is accused of causing a crash in which an off duty police officer died, a court has heard."
"If you want a job that rides the wave of the future, get hired by a firm that combats cyber-threats."
"Paramedics should have warned A&E staff that a severely ill woman, who later died from sepsis, was on her way to hospital, an inquest has heard."
"Afghan interpreters who served with British troops fighting against the Taliban will be able to stay in the UK for free, the home secretary has said."
A woman whose baby was stillborn believes he died because her concerns that she could not feel him moving were ignored by hospital staff.
A man who burst into a hotel room to film a Premier League footballer in bed with a woman who was not his partner has been jailed for 16 months.
"Details of major city projects - including plans for a Cambridge metro - are being discussed in private, councillors have learned."
Two of Jeremy Corbyn's key allies have not been selected for parliamentary seats under a fast-track process.
Energy regulator Ofgem has approved plans for a subsea power cable which would take energy from Shetland to the Scottish mainland.
Kazakhstan's parliament has voted in favour of holding a referendum on extending the term of President Nursultan Nazarbayev until 2020.
"A council has paid a disabled man and his family £8,250 after failing to provide appropriate respite care."
Theresa May went head-to-head with Jeremy Corbyn in the House of Commons. Here's what happened.
"Campaigners have accused a council of dragging its feet over a millionaire's ""eyesore"" tennis court, skate park and garage - all built without permission."
A police officer has been given a final written warning after he admitted making inappropriate comments to two female colleagues.
"The digital currency Bitcoin is rallying at phenomenal speed, leaving many high and others dry in markets around the world. But why are prices higher in India than elsewhere? The BBC's Devina Gupta explains."
More details have been revealed about an event in Liverpool involving two giant puppets to mark the 100th anniversary of the Titanic's sinking.
"One of two footballers accused of raping a woman ""too drunk to consent"" told police she was ""in control of her actions,"" a jury has heard."
Birmingham's last-remaining gas holders are to disappear from the city skyline.
"Councillors in Liverpool have set a salary of nearly £80,000 a year for newly elected mayor Joe Anderson."
"A 19-year-old amateur surfer has caused amazement by conquering ""Jaws"", one of the world's biggest and most notorious waves."
Sir Tom Courtenay has been given the Honorary Freedom of Hull.
"A £35m art gallery built to highlight the work of sculptor Dame Barbara Hepworth, among other exhibits, is celebrating its fifth anniversary."
"The Newport firm which built the roof of the Aquatics Centre for the London Olympics is to go into administration, with the likely loss of up to 400 jobs."
"An aquatics centre being built for the 2022 Birmingham Commonwealth Games will inspire a new generation of swimmers, Olympic swimmer Adam Peaty said."
"Conservative MPs have launched a taskforce to ""spearhead"" government efforts to reduce regional inequality."
"The majority of Scotland's 32 councils failed to increase the level of school clothing grants over the past decade, a BBC Scotland investigation has found."
New guidance on appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) for health and social care workers responding to Covid-19 has been issued by officials.
"Almost one million drink-driving tests recorded by police in the Republic of Ireland did not actually take place, the Irish Labour Party leader has said."
"While most of us will be relaxing on Christmas Day, or at least eating and drinking too much, spare a thought for those people who will still be going to work."
"At least 17 people are dead after a 19-year-old man opened fire at a high school campus in Parkland, Florida."
"Brazil's leader has ordered the armed forces to fight forest fires in the Amazon, amid international outrage over rising deforestation."
"The Pope is to begin sending Twitter messages using the handle @pontifex as his personal account, the Vatican says."
Business owners have said they are under threat over what they claim are unfair business rate rises in rural parts of Wales.
"David Cameron should urge Saudi Arabia to commute the sentence of a protester who could be executed there ""any day"", Jeremy Corbyn says."
The leader of the biggest civil service union has urged trade unions to join forces to head off attacks from the new Conservative government.
Wikipedia has suspended at least 10 accounts linked to the public relations firm Bell Pottinger as it investigates allegations of content manipulation.
Many people still don't know the signs someone has an eating disorder.
"Guernsey's traditional flag-raising at the Grosse Rocque took place a day early, as strong winds had been forecast for 9 May."
Deputy Yvonne Burford has been elected as Guernsey's Environment Minister.
Detectives are appealing for information about a car they believe was used in a shooting in the Springburn area of Glasgow on Saturday.
More than one in 20 people in some parts of the UK signed the petition against a state visit for US President Donald Trump.
"British traffickers are involved in smuggling migrants into the UK from northern France, a mayor has alleged."
A memorial service has been held to honour former MP and Liberal Democrat leader Paddy Ashdown.
"Parks in Tyneside, Northumberland and County Durham are to share Heritage Lottery Fund grants of almost £2.5m."
A teenager with a rare gut condition that causes her to vomit up to 30 times a day has described the difficult choices she faces.
"A new TV channel for the BBC in Scotland will begin broadcasting in autumn 2018, director-general Tony Hall has announced."
More than £18m has been claimed from a Covid-19 support scheme for farmers.
"An American cell therapy company is setting up its European headquarters in Flintshire, creating 30 jobs."
"A five-year-old boy from Peterborough was punched, kicked and bitten by his mother's partner before he died, a court has heard."
"A man who died after being seen covered in blood, in just a pair of shorts and socks, trying to get into people's cars, has been named by police."
"A paramedic with 23 years experience said a heat-stricken Army reservist who collapsed on an SAS test march had the highest temperature he had seen, an inquest has heard."
"A man was shot dead by armed police after firing an air pistol at one of them, an inquest has heard."
The government of Honduras has begun deploying soldiers to protect public buses as part of a campaign to reduce soaring levels of violent crime.
An ex-porter at London's Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children has been accused of nearly 80 sex offences.
The Coastguard has urged people to heed government advice and stay at home after three people on a yacht had to call for help.
David Cameron has denied saying government ministers will be forced to back him in the EU referendum or quit their jobs. Here is what he said on ministers' voting rights.
A red jacket has been raised in Nottingham to commemorate the bravery of an army regiment over 200 years ago.
Jersey's parliament has voted against a citizenship-style test that would have allowed non-British citizens to stand for election.
"Discount retailer Poundworld has appointed administrators, putting 5,100 jobs at risk."
"More than 8,000 calls have been made to a helpline since it was revealed that 450,000 women were not invited to routine breast cancer screening due to a computer error."
Tiny tags have been used to follow the frenetic first hours in a loggerhead turtle's life.
"Proposals to close rural schools are being rushed through before new rules come into force that will give them more protection, a Welsh language group has claimed."
"The technology meltdown at TSB earlier this year has cost the bank £176.4m, pushing it into a half-year loss."
Two people killed when their car smashed into a coach as they were being followed by police are believed to have been young newlyweds.
"Theresa May says the UK must redouble its efforts to defeat terrorism, as she condemned the ""brutal murderers"" behind ""horrifying"" attacks like that in Nice."
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in mysterious circumstances on Saddleworth Moor has recorded an open conclusion.
"From Charles taking Doria's hand, to ""thank you Pa"", here are some moments to remember..."
People opposed to plans for the first of a new generation of nuclear power stations at Hinkley Point in Somerset have gathered for a weekend protest.
"Konnie Huq, 36, is expecting a baby with her comedy writer husband Charlie Brooker."
A woman has been banned from owning animals for life after 176 animals were found dead at her home.
"WH Smith has been ranked the UK's worst High Street retailer for the second year in a row, according to a Which? survey of 7,700 shoppers."
Amazon is teaming up with researchers funded by Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates to pick up and deliver coronavirus test kits.
Voters in the Republic of Ireland will take part in a national referendum on 22 May on legalising same-sex marriage.
"Chinese computer and smartphone company Lenovo has announced 3,200 job cuts as it reported a halving of profits."
"The takedown of the Liberty Reserve digital cash exchange has caused ""pain"" to criminals who used the facility, according to a leading security expert."
"Wales is missing an opportunity to shape the EU debate, the Welsh Conservative leader has claimed."
"The Duchess of Sussex is pregnant and is due to give birth next spring, Kensington Palace has revealed."
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams is to become a volunteer at a Cornwall church.
"If watching University Challenge makes your head hurt, you might want to take an aspirin before listening to a new show Radio 4 are planning."
Boris Johnson has said he wants to cut air passenger duty on domestic flights in a bid to boost travel connections across the UK.
"The suspected leader of a New Mexico militia group allegedly boasted of plans to assassinate former President Barack Obama, the FBI has said."
"On 27 January 1945, Soviet troops cautiously entered Auschwitz."
A deal between Bristol City FC and campaigners against the club's new stadium plans could go ahead after the council deferred a planning inquiry.
"A growing number of people with epilepsy have said they are having seizures triggered by flashing images on social media, a charity has warned."
"Migrants have hijacked a merchant vessel that rescued them off Libya's coast, ordering the crew to head towards Malta, reports say."
A woman who alleges she was racially harassed by a Marks & Spencer worker said she has been subjected to further abuse since she spoke out.
Parts of the US came to a standstill as people took time out from work to watch their team's crucial World Cup match against Germany.
"It could be ""weeks"" before there is an announcement on the Covid rules around Christmas, Wales' health minister has said."
A pair of baby meerkats is proving a major attraction at a Scots wildlife park after becoming the first pups to be born there for four years.
The first pictures from series four of TV fantasy drama Game of Thrones have been released.
Welsh victims of the contaminated blood scandal have said it is not fair they get less financial help than people affected in England and Scotland.
The UK's data privacy regulator has said it plans to fine the US hotel group Marriott International £99.2m.
"Wales has been hailed as a jellyfish ""hotspot"" by researchers who say they could hit record numbers this summer."
"More than 21,600 people in Northern Ireland have been banned from driving for motoring offences in the five years up to the end of 2017."
"The Swedish government has defended its decision to have its officials wear headscarves during a trip to Iran, saying that failing to do so would have broken the law."
Pop star Justin Bieber has been released from hospital and given the green light to resume his tour after suffering breathing problems on stage.
"Amazon has halted pre-orders of some Warner Bros films in the US, including The Lego Movie, in a pricing dispute."
"The New York City Commission on Human Rights has released guidelines against targeting people on the basis of their hairstyle, classing this as racist discrimination."
The US government has issued its first-ever set of detailed dietary guidelines proposed for infants and toddlers.
"Covid-19 has cost Highland Council more per head of population than any other UK local authority, according to BBC research."
"More than 50 Tory MPs have written to the prime minister calling for a ""clear road map"" out of lockdown restrictions in northern England, warning the region risks being ""left behind""."
A Dalit (formerly untouchable) man was beaten to death in the western Indian state of Gujarat allegedly for watching people dance as they celebrated the Hindu festival of Dussehra.
"A German foundation has given a project to save Iron Bridge in Shropshire one million euros (£889,680)."
A leading Muslim group in Nigeria has welcomed a court ruling lifting the ban on girls wearing the headscarf in government schools in Lagos state.
"The gynaecology unit at West Suffolk Hospital in Bury St Edmunds is being moved as part of £190,000 ward refurbishments."
"Uganda's censorship board has banned a Dutch film, The Dinner Club, after accusing it of ""glorifying homosexuality"" the Embassy of The Netherlands in Kampala has said."
A Stasi ID pass used by Vladimir Putin when he was a Soviet spy in former East Germany has been found in the Stasi secret police archive in Dresden.
"Hundreds of families with disabled or seriously ill children are still struggling to receive support since the lockdown, a charity has said."
"The sister of a six-year-old boy murdered two decades ago has said it is ""unbelievable"" his killer is still walking around."
"A baby girl who died from a serious head injury after being found unresponsive at her home was unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled."
The British Museum has been named Museum of the Year by the Art Fund.
"More than 100 people have died after a Boeing 737 airliner crashed near Cuba's main airport in Havana, the country's worst air disaster in decades."
"Plans to electrify the rail line between Hull and Selby have been thrown out by the government, which says the disruption would outweigh any benefits."
"Unemployment in Wales has risen slightly in the last quarter, latest figures show."
"Two senior council officers who were suspended on full pay are to receive almost £300,000 in pay-offs."
The French government has announced that it is pulling out of the 20th anniversary commemorations on Monday for the Rwandan genocide.
A former police officer has been accused of doing karate while on reduced hours at work with a back injury.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is working with other Christian churches to agree on a fixed date for Easter.
Footwear brand Dr Martens is considering selling shares in the business to stock market investors.
To think of maternity leave as a straightforward benefit to a new mum is wrong.
A review ordered after the deaths of two young people in custody has called for the creation of a stronger suicide and self-harm strategy.
A shuttle service across three Jersey parishes could be trialled if enough volunteer drivers are found.
"Pokemon Go has released its first major update, but faces a battle to reinvigorate the gaming phenomenon."
A safety assessment on a planned cable car has been launched over concerns the transport link could be too close to London City Airport.
"Universities in England are already announcing a tuition fee increase above the £9,000 limit before Parliament has even finished debating plans which would pave the way to raise fees."
US Secretary of Defence Ashton Carter and Russia's Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu have held their first talks to discuss the conflict in Syria.
A scheme to move a meandering stream in Hampshire has met with criticism from a group of local residents.
"A council is considering trapping and killing adult birds as a ""last resort"" in efforts to tackle urban gull issues."
"The last British resident in Guantanamo Bay says he is ""not getting his hopes up"" about returning to the UK, as there have been ""so many false promises""."
Plans to build a waste incinerator in Great Blakenham have been approved by Suffolk County Council.
Security forces in the Pakistani city of Karachi have been ordered to shoot on sight to stem violence in which 80 people have been killed since Tuesday.
"The Pentagon has outlined how it wants to revamp the US nuclear arsenal, and develop new low-yield bombs, largely in response to the threat from Russia."
"The US has accused China of conducting missile launches in the South China Sea, describing Beijing's actions as ""meant to intimidate""."
"A cash machine at a petrol station in Bristol might have been ""blown up"", police have said."
Another 102 new free schools have been approved to open in England from next year onwards.
"Twin wildfires in California, known as the Mendocino Complex Fire, have grown to become the largest active wildfire in state history, officials said on Monday."
"A site where the side of a cliff collapsed into gardens should not have been developed until it was secure, a report has found."
"When journalist Orla Barry received a notification from her iPhone informing her that her period was due ""any day in the next three weeks"", she shared it on social media with wry amusement."
Zoe Ball is to replace Claudia Winkleman as the presenter of Strictly Come Dancing spin-off It Takes Two.
Thousands of taxi drivers brought part of central London to a standstill in protest at rival service Uber - a mobile phone app.
Labour's Harriet Harman says she has accepted an apology from a Conservative MP for hacking into her website.
Theresa May has set a date for what's probably her last attempt to pass a Brexit deal - and she's told Labour there's an urgent need to compromise.
"A collection of soft toys put on show to cheer up passers-by was mistaken for a charity donation by a van driver, the owner has said."
China has ordered the indefinite suspension of ride-hailing giant Didi Chuxing's carpool service after the murder of two people.
The strategic chessboard of the Middle East has been rattled severely this week with the sudden entry of advanced Russian warplanes into the already complex battlefields of Syria.
"The number of coronavirus cases in Latin America has not reached European proportions yet but judging by decisions taken in the last few days, governments here are not taking any chances."
Sex and the City star Kim Cattrall has spoken about the chronic insomnia that forced her to withdraw from a play at London's Royal Court last year.
A lorry driver has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist after his cluttered dashboard obstructed his view in a fatal collision.
Online fashion firm Boohoo has reported strong full-year sales and profits.
Family and friends of a man who died nine days after being arrested by police have staged a march.
Five Scottish hospitality industry bodies have launched a legal challenge against the Scottish government's Covid restrictions.
An MP from the ruling party in Indian-administered Kashmir has resigned to protest against the way authorities' have handled weeks of political unrest.
"The US and the European Union have made ""steady progress"" on a trade and investment agreement, according to America's chief negotiator."
"A teenager who fell from a harbour wall ""freaked out"" when a seagull tried to snatch her ice cream before plummeting 15ft (4.6m)."
"The ""subdued"" recovery in the Scottish economy was maintained in July, although a disparity between sectors has emerged, according to a survey."
"The majority of UK students are happy with the quality of their university course, an annual survey suggests."
"The GMB union is to cut the affiliation funds it gives Labour from £1.2m to £150,000 in the wake of a row over reforms, it has announced."
Causeway Coast and Glens Borough Council has voted not to issue a Building Preservation Notice on the Barry's Amusement Complex site.
Three men have admitted stealing toilet rolls and handwash as supplies ran low because of the coronavirus crisis.
"A shaman in a remote Siberian village has been broadcast on national TV performing traditional rituals to bring luck to the Russian Olympic team, it appears."
Next-generation smartphones could avoid signal drop-outs thanks to new data-rich maps being produced by Ordnance Survey.
The world's oldest continuous parliament is reverting back to virtual meetings and sessions following the Isle of Man's second lockdown.
"A member of the Anonymous group of hackers, which has been targeting firms it sees as being anti-Wikileaks has said the campaign is not over."
"Zero coronavirus deaths have been announced in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland on Monday."
Legislation that would bar anyone with a serious conviction from being a special political adviser at Stormont has received Royal Assent.
"The US Navy has revoked Bill Cosby's honorary title, claiming allegations of sexual abuse against him are in conflict with its core values."
"A £500,000 fund is to open for communities close to a new wind farm that will be built in the Ochil Hills."
"Artificial intelligence (AI) could create more jobs than it displaces in Scotland over the next 20 years, according to a report."
A final decision on plans to reorganise schools in Powys has been made by the council.
US Capitol security officials who were ousted in the wake of the 6 January attack on Congress have blamed intelligence failures for the breach.
The questions Middlesbrough voters will be asked in a referendum on how the town is run have been revealed.
Vandals have sprayed-painted a controversial Anish Kapoor sculpture on display in the gardens of France's Palace of Versailles.
More than two million people have applied to register to vote in the month since Theresa May announced plans for a snap general election on 8 June.
A general sales tax could be introduced in Guernsey if politicians agree to plans due for discussion in this month's States meeting.
"Children whose fathers are in jail are being punished by rules which limit visits if prisoners do not behave well enough, says Barnardo's."
"There is an ""urgent need"" to retrain parts of the Manx workforce following the coronavirus pandemic, the island's Chamber of Commerce said."
The troubled Indian airline Jet Airways has failed to secure emergency funding from its lenders.
A hospital trust which was criticised for its high death rates is to come out of special measures.
Police investigating allegations of historical child abuse against the late Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath have arrested two people.
The US has announced it will give Ukraine $200m (£152m) to strengthen its defence capabilities.
"Google Home, the search giant's smart assistant that rivals Amazon's Alexa, will be launched in the UK in April."
"Boris Johnson says any testing regime for international travel should be easy and cheap, after the boss of EasyJet criticised new government plans."
"Business rates are a ""ticking time bomb"" for small companies in England which should be offered emergency help, the shadow business secretary has said."
"An opencast coal mine in the south of Powys could be re-opened, safeguarding 100 jobs, its operators say."
"A town with an ""embarrassing"" litter problem has cleared more than 5,400 fly-tips in three months."
"""It's sad to turn on the television and never see a black face or an Arab personality,"" says Najat Driouech, who is likely to become Catalonia's first female Muslim MP."
A cyclist from Wales has been airlifted to hospital after suffering serious injuries in a mountain bike crash in Scotland.
"A child artist whose paintings last year fetched £150,000 at a gallery in Norfolk has unveiled a new art sale and exhibition."
"Antibiotic prescriptions and cases of resistant bacteria in England have continued to soar despite dire warnings and campaigns, figures show."
The Yorkshire Dales and North York Moors national parks have been designated Dark Sky Reserves.
New rules introduced in the Cornish resort of Newquay after the deaths of two teenagers in 2009 face their first real test.
Production has started on the massive Culzean gas field in the North Sea.
People in Northern Ireland caught breaching coronavirus regulations will now face a minimum fine of £200 under plans agreed by the executive.
"Facebook has invested in a 10,000km (6,214 mile) Asian undersea cable project."
Victims of institutional abuse have said they are angry that NI Secretary James Brokenshire will not to use his powers to make interim compensation payments.
Greenpeace has called on Russia to release a ship seized in the Arctic with 30 activists on board.
A friend of missing book keeper Suzanne Pilley has told a court how the divorcee feared her lover was reading her emails.
The undead have helped an ageing PC game come back to life.
"A new GP and nurse-led Urgent Treatment Centre (UTC) is already ""taking the pressure off"" an A&E department, according to the hospital."
"Nearly a year after Sir Keir Starmer became Labour leader, he is being accused of not listening to grassroots activists and not being strident enough in opposition."
"Donna Davidson and her brother Sandy were playing in her grandparents' garden in Irvine, Ayrshire, 41 years ago. That is the last time she saw him."
"The Department of Community, Culture and Leisure has asked residents with a Public Passenger Vehicle (PPV) licence for help during a proposed bus strike."
A large residential development on a retail park in Reading has been approved by the borough council.
Chinese telecom equipment maker Huawei has reported a 19% jump in sales to 135.8bn yuan ($21.9bn; £12.8bn) for the first six months of the year.
"Controversial US blood-testing company Theranos is shutting clinical and medical facilities and slashing jobs, three months after its founder was banned from owning a laboratory."
"A 91-year-old woman known as the ""Bee Lady"" who has raised £92,000 in loose change for charity has been presented with a national award."
The Madeleine McCann investigation makes many of the front pages again.
"Councillors have approved plans to replace three special schools in Chippenham, Trowbridge and Rowde with a much larger specialist school."
Taxi drivers are blocking some roads around Paris and at airports in protest at the taxi-booking service Uber.
Two men have denied gross negligence manslaughter after a workman was killed when a Cardiff church collapsed.
"Banking giant Barclays had an ""aggressive"" and ""self-serving"" culture under its former boss, the new chief executive has told MPs."
An NHS patient in Wales with a life-threatening condition has written to the UK health secretary asking to have treatment in England.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said her party are preparing to govern for the next ten years.
Disabled people and their families have held a protest in central London against government spending cuts.
"Abolishing the Agricultural Wages Board will result in the ""under-cutting"" of British labourers by foreign workers, Labour has warned."
The US has reportedly identified locations in Iran from which drones and cruise missiles were launched against major Saudi oil facilities on Saturday.
"UK property sales in June hit their joint highest monthly total since the financial crisis began, figures show, but sales among young adults are low."
"PSNI Chief Constable Simon Byrne retains the full backing of the NI Policing Board, following a two-hour meeting behind closed doors."
"Russian prosecutors have ordered checks at ""particularly dangerous installations"" built on permafrost after a huge oil spill in the Arctic."
"Organisers of a petition against plans to privatise some of Cornwall Council's services say they hope it will get 5,000 signatures so it can be discussed again."
A fossilised tooth left behind by the largest ape that ever lived is shedding new light on the evolution of apes.
"MSPs have given the UK government's work and pensions secretary a signed copy of the I, Daniel Blake book."
"Nearly a quarter of the number of rough sleepers given temporary housing during Wales' first lockdown are living on the streets again, figures show."
Thousands of students taking vocational courses in Wales will now have their grades decided by their teachers.
"Football pundit Chris Kamara has posted a tongue-in-cheek response to a ""lookalike"" police e-fit."
"A 12-week, city-wide consultation on the future of Bristol's libraries is to begin in November."
Northern Ireland's environment minister is meeting with licensed bus operators to tackle illegal drinking on buses.
The decision not to hold a state funeral for Richard III has been criticised by the woman whose efforts led to the discovery of his remains.
"The brother of Algeria's deposed former president has gone on trial, accused of conspiring against the state and undermining the military."
"A new, less complex law on gang-related killings is needed to ensure justice for victims and defendants, MPs say."
The father of a cyclist who was left in a coma after she was knocked off her bike has said using hands-free devices while driving should be banned.
"Tesco is removing ""best before"" labels from many of its fresh produce lines, which it says will help reduce waste."
A dog that had spent almost its entire life at a rescue centre has finally been found a permanent home.
"Senior managers at a health board with ""dysfunctional"" maternity services admitted the experiences of patients came as a ""complete shock"" to them."
A planning application for a £35m expansion to Swindon's Designer Outlet centre has been approved.
A new private company is to take over the running of Cornwall's 14 community hospitals.
"At the end of your online shop, you may have noticed a new way to pay. It's not a bank card, it's not store credit. And it's quick; just a couple of clicks."
"The UK is to begin screening some passengers who have travelled from Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea for signs of Ebola virus disease."
"The Airports Commission ""should not be swayed"" by calls for an expanded or new hub airport, Gatwick Airport has said."
"Writer and poet Simon Armitage has been elected honorary fellow of Oxford's Trinity College, days after his appointment as the next Poet Laureate."
The leader of Lebanon's militant Hezbollah movement says it has acquired sophisticated rockets despite Israel's efforts to prevent it obtaining them.
"S4C has been promised an extra £400,000 by the UK government, reversing the first year of proposed grant cuts."
GPs could soon offer their patients free smartphone apps to help with managing health conditions.
Young's Seafood is recalling its frozen fish cakes after some products contained small pieces of plastic and metal.
Boreholes up to two miles (3.2km) deep will be drilled in Manchester to use a thermal spring to heat homes.
"Extinction Rebellion says a meeting with Environment Secretary Michael Gove was ""very disappointing"" because he refused to declare a climate emergency."
"Students are suffering from stress and anxiety caused by the pressures of housing costs, a survey has suggested."
"Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab has said ""the regime in Tehran is at a crossroads"" as he warned Iran against slipping ""further and further into political and economic isolation""."
"A black man shot by police in an incident that sparked large protests in Minneapolis, Minnesota, has died."
"Swedish film reviewers are giving a cautious welcome to Midsommar, a horror film about a bizarre pagan festival in a remote part of Sweden."
So you've got a business idea which you're sure is going to make you money - but just how do you get the ball rolling?
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of three people who claimed their lives were blighted by past minor criminal convictions.
"The owners of Canary Wharf, Songbird Estates, have rejected a joint takeover bid from the Qatar Investment Authority (QIA) and a US investor, Brookfield Property Partners."
"An ""economic contract"" to completely change the way Welsh Government supports business is coming into force."
The risks posed by global conflicts will be at the top of the agenda when politicians and industry leaders meet in Switzerland next week.
"US President Donald Trump says his historic talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un that ended in a joint agreement were ""tremendous""."
"A busy Berkshire commuter station could get an extra million passengers each year once the Crossrail line opens, Network Rail has said."
"As the latest round of reports into alleged abuse by Jimmy Savile at NHS hospitals are published, the BBC looks at the background to the abuse scandal surrounding him."
"Michael Bloomberg, one of the world's richest men and a candidate to take on President Donald Trump next year, has denied trying to buy the White House."
"It may be legal for companies to insist on new staff being vaccinated as a condition of their employment, the justice secretary has said."
A couple whose baby was stillborn say they might not have survived without the support of a charity which is experiencing a funding crisis.
"Lily Allen has said she was ""touch and go for a few days"" after she was taken ill following the loss of her second child."
"The prime minister has defended her record and set out her plans for the coming year, as she prepares to reshuffle her cabinet."
The governor of the US state of Georgia has signed into law a bill denying Delta Air Lines a tax break after the firm cut ties with the US gun lobby.
"The family of a 17-year-old boy whose death is being treated as unexplained has paid tribute to a ""much-loved young man""."
President Jair Bolsonaro has insisted that the Brazilian areas of the Amazon rainforest are sovereign territory.
A defribillator used to 'shock' people back to life after a cardiac arrest has been fitted at the Hafod Eryri visitor centre on Snowdon's summit.
The coroner at the inquest into the death of a soldier found shot at Deepcut barracks in Surrey has retired to consider his verdict.
Revised guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland are to be brought before the Stormont Executive in weeks.
"No disciplinary action is to be taken against the former First Minister, Carwyn Jones, following allegations he breached the ministerial code."
"A search is under way for the winner of an unclaimed multi-million-euro lottery in La Coruna, Spain."
"The amount of household rubbish being rejected for recycling in England has increased by 84% over the past four years, government figures show."
The councillor in charge of Birmingham's children's services was told she would probably have to step down if she became pregnant - because the council has no maternity policy.
Sales of Japanese cars in South Korea fell sharply last month as a bitter trade row been the two countries provoked a consumer backlash.
Schools in Northern Ireland need an extra £60m a year to reverse real term cuts to their budgets.
The first minister said he expects to see an improvement in literacy at schools after standards were criticised by Wales' inspection service.
"Uruguay has become the second country in Latin America, after communist Cuba, to legalise abortion for all women."
Book festivals across Scotland have been busy drawing up plans to cope with an uncertain year ahead.
"The number of tourist trips to Northern Ireland was up by 13% in the first three months of 2013, compared to the same period in 2012."
"Teachers should be vaccinated against Covid once the most vulnerable have received their doses, shadow Cabinet Office minister Rachel Reeves has said."
"The government is set to threaten to stop buying some expensive cancer drugs if manufacturers do not cut their prices, Newsnight has learned."
A public consultation on an air ambulance service for Northern Ireland is due to end next month. BBC News NI reporter David Maxwell took a trip on the Welsh air ambulance to see how it operates.
"Muslim faith schools fill children's heads with ""alien rubbish"" as they continue to teach them creationism is true, atheist Richard Dawkins has said."
Two clergymen were injured when they tripped over during a pancake race in the grounds of a cathedral.
"Spain has granted citizenship to 4,302 people whose Jewish ancestors were expelled five centuries ago during the Inquisition."
Police in Highland Perthshire are appealing for information after three working dogs and two buzzards were deliberately poisoned.
"Tesla has suspended vehicle purchases using Bitcoin due to climate change concerns, its CEO Elon Musk said in a tweet."
A new Unicef report released on Monday suggests millions more underage girls are at risk of being forced into marriage around the world due to the coronavirus pandemic.
"A Republican lawmaker from the US state of Arizona is facing criticism for calling immigration an ""existential threat"" to the country."
Two crucial parts of the £80m refurbishment of Guernsey Airport have been approved.
"Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has said he has smoked ""a lot"" of marijuana, as a national debate on legalisation of the drug builds."
Plaid Cymru has agreed wide-ranging changes to its constitution at a special conference in Aberystwyth.
The main highway in Sri Lanka linking the northern Jaffna peninsula to the south has been opened to civilian traffic after years of conflict.
"Profits at two of the biggest oil firms, Exxon Mobil and Chevron, have dropped sharply, hit by the falling price of crude."
"A man who was detained and threatened with deportation over Christmas has returned to Swansea after 3,000 people signed a petition to let him stay."
A man has been charged in connection with an attempted murder inquiry in the New Forest.
Volkswagen has gone on trial in Germany in what is the first court case against the carmaker over the diesel scandal.
Campaigners wanting to protect the site of a 15th Century Wars of the Roses battlefield have been given more time to buy it.
"More Labour MPs could quit the party unless it listens to their concerns, Jeremy Corbyn has been warned."
"A group of 12 Hampshire sailors has landed on a new ""island"" in the Solent."
Chinese property giant Dalian Wanda is set to invest $1bn (£667m) in a development near Sydney Harbour.
"Five weeks after his birth, celebrity parents Cheryl and Liam Payne are reported to have named their baby son Bear."
Councillors in Conwy have rejected proposals to voluntarily merge with Denbighshire council.
A former Italian prisoner of war has returned to Orkney to revisit the place he lived and worked for much of WW2.
"A woman smashed a wine glass into a Miss England finalist's face during a row at a bar, causing ""horrific"" injuries, a court has heard."
The family of a woman who died from asbestos-related cancer after a huge fire at a military base in Shropshire has received a substantial payout.
An Oxfordshire immigration centre has been criticised for its health care and education facilities following a surprise inspection.
"It is impossible for terminally ill Charlie Gard to be transferred to the Vatican's children's hospital for treatment, Boris Johnson has said."
"Hebburn is a six-part comedy show created by, starring and about Geordie stand-up comedian Jason Cook."
"A first prosecution from a fly-tipping initiative is a warning to those using unofficial waste collectors, a Derbyshire council has said."
French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has republished cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed that made them the target of a deadly terror attack in 2015.
"When Ante Gotovina led Croatian forces to recapture the breakaway region of Krajina in 1995, many of his compatriots saw him as a hero."
A Nottinghamshire hospital criticised in the Keogh review has come under fire again for its standards of care.
Thousands of people in San Francisco have turned out to help a boy recovering from leukaemia fulfil his wish to be Batman for a day.
Vandals defecated and urinated in a Londonderry church after breaking in and causing extensive damage to the church's organ.
Police have launched a criminal inquiry into allegations of anti-Semitic hate crimes within the Labour Party.
"Royal Mail has marked its 500 year anniversary by releasing a gallery of 500 events, people and objects that tell the history of the service."
A man has been taken to hospital after being shot in Nottingham.
"Malorie Blackman, the author of the Noughts and Crosses teen novels, has been announced as the Waterstones Children's Laureate for 2013-2015."
"Nearly 73,000 visitors flocked to Hull's international arts festival at the weekend, despite heavy rain."
A train was halted by police when bagels were flung around a carriage by rowdy passengers who then started fighting.
"Unemployment in Scotland has fallen again, according to official figures."
The University of the Highlands and Islands is leading a global call for governments to take more action to tackle marine micro plastics.
A charity which supports people with HIV and Aids has said myths about the virus persist in Northern Ireland.
Critically endangered Vietnamese box turtles have been bred successfully for the first time in a British zoo.
"About 10 months before Christmas, a retired man gets to work handcrafting toys ready for the festive season."
Planned reforms of the controversial leasehold system in England are set to clamp down on high costs when extending a lease.
More than £3.5m is to be spent on installing 150 new electric vehicle charging points in Cornwall.
Researchers at Plymouth University say they have identified a trigger process which causes bladder cancer to spread.
"The Post Office's abandoned underground railway in London will open as a tourist attraction next month, it has been announced."
"UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres says a deal on reunifying Cyprus is ""very close"", but cautioned against hopes of a ""quick fix""."
"A double Oscar-winning filmmaker is returning to Scotland to shoot scenes for a feature-length version of his 1980 cult short, Black Angel."
"HSBC did not just turn a blind eye to tax evaders, in some cases it broke the law by actively helping its clients avoid paying tax, according to a series of leaked bank account files."
An Italian ice-cream parlour run for more than 50 years by the same family is to be moved to Beamish Museum.
"As Pokémon celebrates its 25th anniversary, a woman with the world's largest collection of memorabilia says the brand still provides her with ""a great escape""."
A Welsh boy band say they are in disbelief after being chosen to play their first televised gig with the Manic Street Preachers.
Some of the world's richest people have urged governments to raise taxes on the wealthy to help pay for measures aimed at tackling the coronavirus pandemic.
Heavy downpours have been sweeping in as the last named storm of the season struck across Scotland.
"A food bank charity has said a suggestion by the education secretary that users ""can't budget properly"" is ""inappropriate""."
Welsh MPs have called for greater freedom to conduct debates in Parliament in the Welsh language.
Visitors to an exhibition of mobiles by artist Alexander Calder will have a crucial role in bringing them to life.
"A mother-of-two who broke her leg running a half marathon was wrongly diagnosed and died after doctors' ""gross failings"", a coroner has ruled."
"The trade in bees used for honey or to pollinate crops could have a devastating impact on wild bees and other insects, say scientists."
An MHK has criticised the power of the Isle of Man's top civil servants as she steps down from politics.
"A nurse at a care home where it is alleged residents died from neglect has said patients suffered because she ""struggled to cope""."
"Two party drugs subject to temporary bans should be made permanently illegal, government advisers have said."
"Extreme action will be taken if claims that a Scottish Sikh arrested in India has been tortured by police are true, a Foreign Office minister has said."
Hundreds of protesters demonstrated as councillors began to decide whether to approve fracking for the first time in England since a ban was lifted in 2012.
No areas of Scotland are to be placed in the highest level of the country's new five-tier coronavirus restrictions system.
"More needs to be done to protect low-lying areas from future flooding, the Environment Agency (EA) has said."
Calls for a Wales-wide law stating what tributes can be placed on children's graves have been rejected by ministers.
"In 2017, after running almost 26 miles, David Wyeth's legs literally collapsed under him just metres from the finishing line of the London Marathon."
"Thousands of business and personal websites have been taken offline by web host Moonfruit, after it was threatened with a cyber-attack."
More details have emerged about planned changes to Northern Ireland's welfare and benefits system.
China is to pump a net 150 billion yuan ($22bn; £16.3bn) into its economy on Monday to help protect it from the impact of the coronavirus outbreak.
"""You eat out of boredom and stress,"" says Chloe Taylor-Whitham, 19, from Sheffield, ""there's nothing else to do."""
"Religious education in schools is under threat, faith leaders have warned."
"A mayor in the US state of Virginia has condemned a torch-lit rally on Saturday night, saying protesters borrowed racist tactics from American history."
"A businessman paid to have his first wife killed so he could marry again, a jury has heard."
"Russian and Syrian warplanes have suspended air strikes in the Syrian city of Aleppo ahead of a humanitarian pause on Thursday, Russia has said."
"A convoy of aid trucks has been hit by an air strike near the Syrian city of Aleppo, reports say, hours after the military declared the current cessation of violence was over."
Isle of Man-based artist Svetlana Cameron is to have her work exhibited alongside some of Britain's leading artists at a national exhibition.
"The head of Poland's Supreme Court has arrived for work surrounded by hundreds of supporters, rejecting a controversial law forcing dozens of senior judges to retire early."
Online retailer Amazon has reached a deal with major publisher Simon & Schuster over the pricing of e-books.
"Wayne Hemingway is to lead a ""bold and innovative"" bid to regenerate the former capital of East Anglia."
"Both the UK and EU have expressed frustration at the pace of Brexit talks amid disagreement over the size of the UK's ""divorce bill""."
"Turkey must investigate the excessive use of force by police against anti-government protesters, a senior EU official has said in Istanbul."
"Four lions have been transported to a West Lothian zoo from an animal sanctuary in Belgium, where they have been cared for since being confiscated from a French circus."
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested after a Luton Town player was targeted with racist abuse on Instagram.
"A fire which damaged Mumbles pier near Swansea is not thought to be suspicious, say investigators."
"Comedy legend John Cleese says he believes he contracted Covid-19 in March describing it as ""like the worst case of flu I've ever had""."
"US doctor and epidemiologist Donald Henderson, who led a successful campaign to wipe out smallpox worldwide, has died at the age of 87."
"Parents worry about how excessive mobile use is affecting their children but struggle to tame their tech habits, suggests a survey."
Much is written about the Herculean effort to move one family out of the White House and a new family in within the space of just a few hours .
"BBC One's EastEnders must ""reflect the modern world"" and changes in London, having been ""frozen in aspic"" for too long, the soap's new boss has said."
Campaigners against plans to build gypsy and traveller sites in Newport say they will continue their fight despite three plots of land being earmarked.
"A woman died after suffering cardiac arrest in a car crash, an inquest has heard."
"Alton Towers has been closed while an investigation continues into a ""dreadful"" rollercoaster accident that left four people with serious injuries."
France has confirmed it intends to vote for Palestinian non-member status at the United Nations later this week.
"Remembrance events took place in Northern Ireland on Sunday, but they were different from normal due to the Covid-19 pandemic."
"US President Donald Trump says there is ""no time limit"" for North Korea to denuclearise and that there is no need to rush the process."
"A black cab manufacturer that was ""on its knees"" five years ago is officially opening a new £300m plant, creating more than 1,000 jobs."
"Former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly has hit back at presenter Megyn Kelly's ""incomprehensible"" comments involving reports of sexual harassment at the news channel, US media report."
"""They killed one of our guys and we didn't do anything, no vengeance, nothing, nothing at all,"" says 18-year-old Jesus."
"Media in India are outraged over prominent regional politician Mulayam Singh Yadav's comment that giving death penalty to rape convicts was ""unfair""."
A panel reviewing India's laws on sex crimes after the fatal gang rape of a student has called for faster trials.
Blue plaques have been unveiled on a Hove seafront mansion block to two women entertainers from the last century.
A woman has made an impassioned plea to the Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry seeking an apology for a child migrant scheme from Northern Ireland to Australia.
Campaigners attending a memorial to the Birmingham pub bombings have been issued with fixed penalty notices for breaching coronavirus restrictions.
A thousand hampers are being delivered to help support families this Christmas in a campaign backed by sports stars including Gareth Bale.
There has been an outcry in Germany after a far-right protester who targeted a German TV crew was exposed as an off-duty police employee.
The north-south electricity interconnector is in the news in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland .
"Staff at Sellafield nuclear plant failed to recognise the risks posed by out of date chemicals and had to call explosives experts in to destroy them, a report has found."
The UK's tax authority has scrapped plans to charge value added tax (VAT) on Bitcoin trading.
"An agreement at the centre of fraud charges against ex-Barclays executives was written by the bank's lawyers and approved by its board, a court heard."
"Addiction services in England could struggle to cope with ""soaring"" numbers of people misusing alcohol, the Royal College of Psychiatrists is warning."
"Network Rail has been fined £733,000 over a freight train derailment in 2013."
Conservative candidate Philip Seccombe has been re-elected as Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC).
About 150 people attended a meeting aimed at saving a leisure centre earmarked for closure in one of Wrexham's most deprived areas.
The BBC's Clare Spencer picks five African tech trends to look out for in 2018.
An elderly couple trapped in their flat for more than a week after a lift stopped working can get out once more as repairs have been completed.
Many cities around the world view graffiti as nothing less than vandalism - a form of pollution that must be removed from the streets.
"A driver has been arrested after his car crashed into a tree in Leeds, killing his passenger."
"A judge has dismissed a legal action brought by Manuel Noriega, the former dictator of Panama, against the publisher of the Call of Duty video games."
"Cameron is 18, about to move into a new flat and studying computer science at college with plans to go to university."
Police are investigating after a 5G mast was deliberately set on fire only days after it was put up.
A court in Turkey has sentenced a prominent Kurdish opposition figure to 22 years in prison on terror charges.
"When Tyler Lorenzen first started to sell protein powders derived from peas he received some ""odd looks""."
Support for a petition in favour of Donald Trump's state visit to the UK is greatest in London and the South East.
Scottish Power has announced it has chosen to develop land in a village near the Suffolk coast for substations serving two offshore wind farms.
"By artificially activating circuits in the brain, scientists have turned negative memories into positive ones."
Labour's candidate to be Cleveland's first police and crime commissioner (PCC) has pledged to resist any future move to merge the force with a neighbouring constabulary
Poland has confirmed that it will nominate its Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski to replace Catherine Ashton as EU foreign policy chief.
An evangelical church in North Lanarkshire has been reported to police over claims it has been hosting group prayer in breach of Covid rules.
Bacteria that live in the gut have been used to reverse obesity and Type-2 diabetes in animal studies.
Eleven EU member countries have said they wish to move ahead with introducing a financial transactions tax.
"The Isle of Wight's troubled floating bridge could have ""side thrusters"" fitted to improve its performance, the council has revealed."
"""Pre-Salt"". A term that hardly anyone outside oil industry would have ever heard of and, even if they had, it holds few clues as to what it really is."
Alex Salmond has insisted that his Alba Party is the only one taking Scottish independence seriously as he launched its election manifesto.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering his wife has denied telling police they had a 50-50 chance of recovering the body.
"Two museums have lost their accreditation status after the controversial sale of a 4,000-year-old Egyptian statue to a private collector."
"South Korean troops have shot dead a man trying to swim across a border river into the North, officials say."
"Several prominent critics of Kremlin policies - ex-spies, journalists and politicians - have been poisoned in the past two decades."
"A family have secured their house ""like Fort Knox"" after a burglar tried to smash his way in during a crime spree, a court was told."
Two YouTube pranksters who filmed themselves breaking into the Celebrity Big Brother house during a live eviction show have been convicted.
More than 10 billion apps have been downloaded from Google's Android Market.
"Almost 3,500 whales, dolphins and porpoises have been stranded on UK coastlines over the past six years, according to a study."
"The past 12 months were the second wettest on record in the UK, according to data released by the Met Office."
"Power struggles, personality clashes and conflicting agendas - it could be the plot of a Shakespearean tragedy."
Turkey's president has warned it could sever ties with Israel if the US recognises Jerusalem as its capital.
"Michael Avenatti, lawyer for porn star Stormy Daniels in her suit against President Donald Trump, has been arrested on suspicion of domestic violence, police in Los Angeles say."
"A lack of mental health provision for young people in Scotland is leaving them in distress and at serious risk, according to key children's charities."
"A ""dramatic reduction"" in the number of crimes of violence and indecency, including rape, has been recorded by a city's police force."
"New Zealand has described the entry of a Japanese whaling fleet vessel into its Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) as ""deeply disrespectful""."
Alex Salmond has launched a staunch defence of his weekly show on Russian broadcaster RT as he warned regulator Ofcom against closing the channel down.
President Barack Obama's support for India to have a permanent seat on the UN Security Council is a major foreign policy statement by the United States.
The Home Office is being urged to rethink the phasing of cuts to police budgets in England and Wales.
More than 60 personnel from RAF Cosford have marched through Dudley after being awarded the freedom of the borough.
"Most big contests only have two competitors - two teams on a football pitch, two people either side of the tennis net. But what about a game with three big players?"
"Once the centre of the Ottoman Empire, the modern secular republic was established in the 1920s by nationalist leader Kemal Ataturk."
"No minutes were kept of key meetings between government officials and the regulators of a botched green energy scheme, the assembly has heard."
German Interior Minister Horst Seehofer has joked that 69 Afghan migrants were deported on his 69th birthday.
"Guernsey's main telecom company, Sure, have announced plans to charge for paper bills from September."
Scammers pretending to work for the Test and Protect contact tracing service have been cold-calling people and demanding payment for tests.
Adele is set to perform at this year's MTV Video Music Awards (VMAs).
"The sense of fair play is an important human trait, but new research suggests that it's a key behaviour for dogs and wolves as well."
Southern rail has axed a quarter of its train services as an overtime ban by driver's union Aslef comes into force.
"When a giant whale was washed up on a beach in Sussex, 40,000 people travelled by train to take a look."
"Fife Council's leader has said the days of ""salami slicing"" budgets were over as he announced £66m in savings to be made over the next three years."
India has cleared a controversial plan to open up its lucrative retail sector to global supermarket chains. Business analyst Alam Srinivas answers a few key questions. What does the government's decision mean?
"Love Island contestant Yewande Biala says being black in the media means ""you have to be 10 times better than everyone else""."
The UK's competition watchdog is investigating Amazon's bid to buy a stake in food delivery firm Deliveroo.
Scotland's largest health board is to allow the use of electronic cigarettes within its hospital grounds.
"Europe's heavy-lift rocket, the Ariane 5, has completed its sixth and final mission of 2010, putting two satellites high above the Earth."
"As summer approaches, England's beaches are looking very different places from the ones we are used to."
Did President Donald Trump withhold military aid from ally Ukraine for his own political reasons? That is the big question at the heart of the Democrat-led impeachment inquiry.
Poland is postponing moves to partially compensate families who lost property during the upheavals of Nazi occupation and communism.
Fraudsters are targeting young footballers across the world offering them fake trials in return for money.
"Jeremy Corbyn is way out in front of his three rivals for the Labour leadership when it comes to internet searches, according to new research by Google News Labs for the BBC."
Efforts to protect the habitats of endangered birds in County Fermanagh have been boosted with the launch of a new boat.
"She was the perfect symbol of democracy. Highly intelligent, well-read, articulate and photogenic."
"Early morning checks and relocation of frogs, toads and newts have been recommended during work on an £11m tourism expansion in a Borders forest."
Protesters have clashed with police in Barcelona as thousands took to the streets there and in cities across Catalonia to mark the first anniversary of the contested referendum on independence from Spain.
Air links between Dundee and London have been secured after funding was agreed between the city council and the UK government.
"An app designed to help Londoners report terrorist content ""easily and anonymously"" has been launched."
A hospital serving Norfolk and north Suffolk has received a warning over its standards of patient care and told to implement improvements faster.
"Decades after other French-speaking countries adopted feminine names for professions, the official guardians of the language in France have also backed the change."
Angelina Jolie and Gwyneth Paltrow are the latest actresses to allege they were victims of sexual harassment by Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein.
"Health inspectors have condemned a ""chaotic"" hospital emergency department which they said was failing to keep patients safe."
"As I write, nine members of the Scottish Parliament are still in a virtual meeting, discussing, voting, likely indeed arguing, over their conclusions on the future of the First Minister Nicola Sturgeon."
"British soul singer John Newman releases his highly anticipated solo album, Tribute, this week."
"A number of Isle of Man road closures, caused by snow and freezing conditions, will remain in place overnight, the police have confirmed."
"Visitors are putting themselves at risk by getting too close to deer, park officials say."
Beauty and the Beast star Emma Watson has said she does not read social media comments for the sake of her sanity.
"International human rights groups expressed concern on the failure of Sri Lankan justice system to bring the culprits of a massacre in a rehabilitation centre, where young Tamil Tiger suspects were being held, to justice."
A patients group in Devon is urging people to opt out of a scheme in which GPs hand over medical records for a new national health database.
A man running on a popular park trail in the mountains of northern Colorado killed a mountain lion after it pounced on him from behind.
Certain songs were made for the sunshine - and one of this year's biggest summer jams is Kent Jones' irresistible Don't Mind.
"Welsh farmers are among those ""with most to lose"" if the UK fails to negotiate a trade deal before it leaves the EU, it has been claimed."
"A new base for BBC Three is to be created in Birmingham, alongside a hub for the corporation's proposed partnerships with local newspapers."
"The leader of the Scottish Conservatives has called on the UK to avoid a ""divisive Brexit"" and to heal the divisions left by the referendum."
Work is set to start to build a railway station in Derbyshire town that has been without one for about 50 years.
"Former TV weather presenter Fred Talbot has told a court he was ""definitely not"" attracted to the boys he used to take on school trips."
Engineers at the Dounreay power nuclear complex in Caithness have begun a crucial phase in decommissioning the site's main reactor.
The daughter of the late Fast and Furious films actor Paul Walker has launched a foundation in his memory to mark his birthday.
Former detective Ray Mallon has been the elected mayor of Middlesbrough for 11 years. This week voters will decide whether his role should be abolished.
"The number of vacancies for nurses at an NHS trust in Oxfordshire has reached ""concerning levels""."
"Government borrowing fell by £0.4bn in December to £6.9bn, compared with 2015."
Plans by football manager Harry Redknapp to convert homeless accommodation into flats and houses have been approved.
"George Best Belfast City Airport's chief executive has said he is hopeful that by next week another airline will take the place of BMI Baby, which stops flying from the airport in June."
"A mother of three said she was told by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) that she ""didn't have cancer enough"" when she applied for benefits."
"Many universities will have to reduce tuition fees within two years to avoid losing students, the Higher Education Policy Institute (Hepi) predicts."
"The world's richest man, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, has accused the owner of a US gossip magazine of trying to blackmail him over private pictures."
Three survivors of a wartime massacre in Czechoslovakia have arrived in Stoke-on-Trent to mark the anniversary of an organisation set up to help them.
"Whole units of the Army will have to be cut but the regimental system will not be scrapped, says Defence Secretary Philip Hammond."
"Insurance market Lloyd's of London is working on ""contingency plans"" to ensure it can trade across Europe when the UK leaves the EU."
The argument for expanding grammar schools in England makes two big claims - that it will improve choice for families and support social mobility.
"More than 40 jobs could be cut at Muller's UK headquarters in Shropshire, the firm has confirmed."
"Representatives for pharmaceutical boss Martin Shkreli, who sparked outrage after hiking up the price of a medicine used by Aids patients, says he strongly denies fraud charges."
"They have staged some of the most comprehensive protests seen in France since 1968, but who are the people making up the ""gilets jaunes"" (yellow vest) movement?"
"""The last month has been the hardest of my 35 years in pharmacy,"" said Dai Williams."
Five sperm whales died and washed up on beaches in the east of England within days of each other. But how many of the sea creatures die every year on our shores?
"Killer whales are in deep trouble because of persistent chemical pollution in the environment, researchers say."
"Free childcare should be offered to unemployed parents on courses or training linked to finding work, a report by assembly members has said."
A kitchen knife and brick used in the attack which left an exiled Pakistani politician dead have been recovered by police.
A man has told a fatal accident inquiry of the moments leading up to his mother's death at a car rally in the Highlands.
A woman has been seriously injured in an attack at a public toilet.
"The sight of MPs hurling insults at each other across the Commons is nothing new - but has the abuse now got out of control? And what, if anything, can be done to calm things down?"
The new Bishop of Salisbury has been enthroned in a service at Salisbury Cathedral.
"A gang member who police said brought ""misery"" to communities in south Devon has been jailed for 25 years for drugs and sex offences."
"As Derry/Londonderry approaches the end of its year as the first-ever UK City of Culture, some of the big names, artists and those who worked tirelessly behind the scenes reflect on its many highlights."
"Matteo Salvini, leader of Italy's League party, has called for a snap election, saying differences with coalition partners cannot be mended."
A Danish citizen living in Russia has been sentenced to six years in prison for practising as a Jehovah's Witness.
Dozens of homes in York could be given better protection from flooding after a £2m boost to a flood defence plan.
"Pupils in Wales will have to show their digital skills across all subjects in schools by September 2016, the education minister has said."
A bus company has apologised to people for using a dead-end road near their homes as an unofficial bus depot.
The head teacher of a primary school near Lockerbie has paid tribute to pupil Keir Millar who died after a stock car accident at the weekend.
"A Michelin-starred restaurant is launching a home delivery service for self-isolating customers, saying it wants to ""give back to the community""."
Hundreds of health professionals have written to the NI secretary expressing opposition to the liberalisation of NI's abortion laws.
"Priya, the hugely popular female rape survivor-turned comic book ""super hero"", is back in a new role - this time she's fighting acid attacks."
"The vast majority of carbon credits generated by Russia and Ukraine did not represent cuts in emissions, according to a new study."
"MPs have voted by a majority of one to force the prime minister to ask for an extension to the Brexit process, in a bid to avoid a no-deal scenario."
The government says that it has no intention to declare a pause in the ongoing military offensive despite calls by the UN.
Scottish MPs have insisted their voices have not been heard following the failure to reach a deal over the EU Withdrawal Bill.
The organisers of the Oscars have reversed an earlier decision to hand out four awards during ad breaks after facing a major backlash.
The Bank of England has raised interest rates from 0.5% to 0.75% - creating extra burden for some borrowers but rewards for some savers.
A woman whose husband disappeared after a night out eight years ago has appealed to MPs to reform the law on missing persons.
"From the Game Boy to the Wii, Nintendo has created some of the world's most memorable games consoles."
"Michael Douglas faces ""an eight-week struggle"" against throat cancer, he has told talk show host David Letterman."
"Snow has hit parts of the UK, including northern England and Scotland, causing travel disruption."
The singer-songwriter who helped compose Sir Rod Stewart's famous 1975 hit song Sailing has died.
A giant offshore wind farm that could provide power for up to two million homes has been given the go-ahead by the government.
A senior architect from the company that designed the Grenfell Tower refurbishment has apologised to victims of the fire in which 72 people died.
"Five people have been injured after a ""serious"" crash near the M1 in south Leeds."
"The Russian government has warned the economy will fall into recession next year as Western sanctions, in response to its role in eastern Ukraine, and falling oil prices begin to bite."
A rural higher education college has been rated inadequate by inspectors for a second year.
"Carers who give up work to look after others cost England's economy about £5.3bn a year, the charity Age UK says."
Libya has been beset by chaos since Nato-backed forces overthrew long-serving ruler Col Muammar Gaddafi in October 2011.
A disabled man who won a holiday from a UK disability magazine was not able to claim his prize because the resort in question was not wheelchair-friendly.
"A tearful Lily Allen has picked up three Ivor Novello songwriting awards, including songwriter of the year."
"As a second wave of coronavirus devastates India, with more than 350,000 cases reported daily, the families of the sick are desperately hunting on social media for help."
A link between autism and air pollution exposure during pregnancy has been suggested by scientists.
"Yorkshire's landscape will inspire riders taking part in the Tour de France in 2014, top names in the cycling world have said."
Part of a Cheshire town has been cordoned off after heavy rain led to flooding.
Police are investigating the death of a baby girl who was found in the restroom of an Amazon warehouse in the US state of Arizona.
"Local leaders have been paying tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh, who has died at the age of 99."
"A former head of fundraising for the Liberal Democrats has said he will step down as a party candidate after a newspaper claimed he had accepted a ""potentially illegal donation""."
"Former US diplomat Richard Haass has said he will leave ""no stone unturned"" in an effort to reach an agreement with Northern Ireland's five main parties before Christmas."
"A large water fight ""descended into disorder"" leading to several people being injured and a teenager arrested."
"Who cares whether Andrew Mitchell did or did not say ""plebs"" when he had an angry confrontation with police officers on the gates of Downing Street?"
"Bulgaria's government has announced it is resigning after nationwide protests against high electricity prices and austerity measures, Prime Minister Boiko Borisov has said."
